Tommy Papa Joey what's going on buddy
you looking at that uh tarantula hawk
yeah sighs that sucker yeah I found one
of those in my tub ones that's straight
from maynard's farm
Maynard from tool uh-huh yeah he sent me
that Wow he found that fucking phone
Jesus yeah he was explaining it to me
and then he sent me one because he's
that's how we roll the coolest you
brought Brett you know I'm on this all
meat diet I know
ring bread fuck but you have a family oh
I'll deviate a little bit I'll deviate
you might want to take a look at it
later idv ated over this weekend yeah I
went to Disneyland and I had ice cream
and then Friday night or Saturday night
Saturday night I had pasta I had all
kinds I had Girl Scout cookies a bunch
of Girl Scout cookies and dude I'm
telling you Sunday my back was hurting
really one day my back was hurting
everything was like my knee was hurting
all this like inflammation it's crazy
puffy yeah one day back two days because
today's Tuesday so I ate corner warm
Monday and Tuesday everything's normal
yet no really no more aches and pains so
you were full on meat for a whole month
a whole month
but when 20 meals a day - usually - yeah
maybe a small meal around noon after
workout and then dinner all right and
that no eggs no yeah I eat eggs eggs and
fish eggs fish meat me just no no
bubbles at all no no fruits no no right
of course no I had an olive no two
olives and two pieces of chili mango the
entire month - glorious a host but the
pieces of chili mango I legitimately
felt guilty I love chili mango actually
never had chili oh my god really now is
one of the greatest creations what is it
it's chili pepper mango dried mangoes
but with chili powder it's uh it's a
Mexican big big hit and Mexican
community right yeah so
because it's got the sweetness from the
dried mangoes yeah but then it's got the
spiciness from the chili powder oh
that's right up my alley
ah so good a two pieces I was only gonna
eat one I was like fuck it let me have
another one
eat that second one I'm like oh no what
have I done why'd you decide to do it in
the first place the diet yeah well
because January's world carnivore month
and I know quite a few people that have
done it and that have had some serious
results and serious results with
autoimmune issues - well I have vitiligo
which is an autoimmune disease it causes
you to have these patches where you
don't have pigment oh really and this
month I have the best results sort of
ever had with vanilla about trillions
it's it comes and goes it comes and goes
depending upon how well I'm taking care
of myself treatments and stuff like that
but this this month it's got all these
spots fill in like a pretty rapid rate
really people with eczema I've had
spectacular results with it now what if
you were to suggest to someone who's
wouldn't eat just meat what percentage
meet the after going through this do you
think you would I think the problem is
not plants as much as the problem really
is refined sugar carbohydrates and
bullshit that's what I think I think
that's the problem is cheese counting
that you can eat cheese you can eat
cheese you're gonna choose really animal
product yeah I think for most people the
real problem is junk you know candy
sugar yeah pasta various glorious bread
even that bread that bread is probably
better because it is less gluten because
you make sourdough bread yeah it's just
flour salt and yeast
it's healthier for you but no I think
bread in general mm-hmm just the the
idea of bread is it's a human created
product right true you got all that
concentrated carbohydrates in a very
weird form it's like glue I mean look
look what it is when you're making the
dough total glue that eventually
it comes glue in your stomach I've
actually thought that before like that
did they like put together cities with
this so it like dries for a day it's
gonna get off the counter right yeah
well you remember when you're a kid
you'd make paste yeah you know yeah yes
basically flour and water and he'd make
like a paste
I just posted a I just posted videos on
how to bake the bread asking for it so I
put a new series on YouTube called
getting baked with Tom and I realized
what I was making it like this is a long
process I've pour videos getting through
one loaf of bread over multiple days are
you still doing the TV show you were
doing a TV show for a while yeah and
we're not what was that was called baked
on the Food Network how'd that go it
went great people really liked it but
we're not making any more I don't know
why so then I was like well why do I
need the Food Network you just keep
making it and put it on YouTube it's so
much better to put it on YouTube because
yeah who can access it anytime they want
right
this archaic system of waiting for
Tuesday night at 8 o'clock yeah that's
what they suddenly occurred to me like
wait I've got camera you look at you
friends look at you yeah have you uh
have you
varied your process at all since you
first started doing this if you added
yeah yeah yeah yeah well you get better
at it it's just you know it's a it's a
skill it's a thing or start to it sounds
corny but you become one with it like I
know the weights of things just by
holding it and I know the timing of
things and I know the temperature what
that's gonna do and it just is very
immersive so yeah I started I started
branching out and then also started
making bagels and pretzels and stuff
like that bagels no don't you have to
boil bagels you do yeah so I just take a
like a like a Dutch oven just with water
in it and boil it up and baking soda and
let that kind of bubble up we use a
different kind of flour for the bagels
no same flour
really shameful sourdough flour yeah
sourdough photos yes out that's the key
like I have so many bad bagels in LA and
you know people always talk about it's
the water it's this and that and and you
know I met I've met this Vito's pizza is
a guy from Jersey here in LA that makes
great pizza and I'm like so what is it
the water with the toe he's like it's
just not you know it's just knowing what
you're doing
he says and I keep running into these
bad bagels and I realized the flavor
that was coming out with Oh bagels I'm
making is because of the sourdough
starter mmm it has this different flavor
it's a deeper flavor it's not just to
use that as the yeast it's to actually
make it taste better is it true that the
water is different on the East Coast and
that is it a more mineral rich water
that's what everybody says
wouldn't that just be pretty easy to add
those elements to water from the west
coast you would think and some people
say that they like import the water
maybe that's why people are less
flavorful over here you know they're not
filled with all that you know I mean
flavorful like Joey Diaz like mad flavor
yeah yeah like that
he's got flavor yes and he's got like
charisma yeah the thing you don't you
don't get a lot of that out here no you
don't it's yeah it's different it's just
different it's a chill
well even people that do have flavor out
here it's like they take the flavor goes
up to seven you're right yeah you got
rusty pipes yeah rats swimmin in it
dull generations and right up in there
there's yeah it's gonna add to it for
sure
yeah there's something the water does
taste different though what it does yeah
like my manager Jeff he loves New York
City tap water he's always extolling the
virtues of New York City tap water my
bro you're crazy I'm not sure yes
any day now a hundred people could die
from that chair everybody's so proud
about it though I am too when we go back
with my family like around Christmas
we're just there and I'm like you just
drink from the tap my kids took a sip of
it she's like it tastes like carrots
and she was right it was really right
yeah kind of like iron charity
yeah there's stuff you're not supposed
to drink probably a lot of stuff but or
maybe you are supposed to drink it right
well yeah maybe maybe in Earl's lesson
anemic maybe minerals taste bad but yeah
good for you
mmm-hmm right yeah like hard water when
you get hard water isn't that minerals
that's minerals right right and it's
great to shower and salt your showers in
soft water in the soap just never comes
off that's trapping hours of what is
that I don't know but in my parents town
house you take a shower you're gonna
have soap on you the rest of the day
so did they have a filtration system is
that what it is I don't know yeah I
guess so must be it must be something
that takes the yeah minerals out so when
you get like that residue on your shower
head that white residue that's hard
water that's sperm oh I am so busted
[Laughter]
that's the only thing I've done maybe
like three times my whole life is jerk
off in the shower
three times yeah it's like never been my
thing I've only I think I've probably
done it just to say why are some place
I've never jerked off I've never jerked
off never it's just too hot in there if
she's too confusing and frustrated we
got to let the water down a little then
you just like then you're being a weirdo
it's like those guys who lay in bed to
masturbate they bring a box of tissues
and jerking off supposed to be a
maintenance thing that's like you just
need it yeah let me just take care of
this I'm not obsessed hey let me get a
cup of coffee let me do that Jesus
Christ
people that don't masturbate at all
they've got that's got to Q PI too much
real estate in your head that there's no
doubt about it right well I don't know
you could argue that the people that do
it all the time although there's a lot
of real estate when it comes
I think porn in particular is a real
issue for people it does not have an
obsession yes indeed I remember a buddy
of mine was like really into it in the
early internet and he started looking at
the world through a porn lens it was
everybody every girl was owned to be
approached like somebody in a yeah oh
that's not good anything you watch for
that amount of time right it's gonna
affect you I've often thought that about
violence cuz I've seen so many people
get beat up mmm like I'm so comfortable
with people getting beat up right like
fights like if I see a fight somewhere
like a fight breaks out yeah my heart
rate doesn't jack up it doesn't it
doesn't go oh my god this is crazy I
can't believe they're fighting right
like look at that bad technique dropping
his hands look at this dude oh my god
left legs off the ground there's
nobody's doing this is the world like
it's just go at it I'm like this
terrible technique and I'm running some
everything coming a mile away that's
crazy
I see society becoming unhinged yeah I
see it becomes normal I think yeah
violence becomes normalized like you
know I've been reading a lot about
Native American cultures lately I've
gone through like five books on wild
west over the last few months and one of
the more disturbing and shocking things
is the torture his Native Americans
would torture their victims like you
know yeah particularly the Comanches the
command those were the badasses right
they were the badasses yeah they were
the reason until they developed a
repeating multiple shot revolver and
carried a chamber that had more than one
bullet
they were running shit because everybody
else had muskets and shoot multiple
arrows you know they could they would
there's a if you ever heard if there's a
guy named Lars Anderson you know who is
yeah he's a famous YouTube famous
archery expert uh-huh and he going
through old texts and old artistic
depictions realized that the idea of a
back quiver where you would reach back
to grab an arrow and then put it on the
string and then pull it back and shoot
the that's not accurate that what they
actually would do is put the arrows in
between their fingers and they
developed technique they would draw and
pull and draw and pull and draw just
release one at a time yes and they would
go from finger to finger so they
literally could shoot an arrow a second
Wow and so this guy he actually shows
how he can do it not just in theory you
know they're all they're holding in some
of the depictions you see that they're
holding multiple arrows in their hands
right instead of in a quiver and so he
figured out how to do it it where he can
shoot multiple arrows in a second and
see if he can get to him she's so like
see he's doing that that's him pulling
arrows out and this is what the Comanche
did yes and the Comanches were able to
do that and when they were able to do
that they were able to shoot the
American settlers and the the US Army
soldiers and when multiple times before
they could get off another bullet
because they had a pack a chamber see
how he's she because he keeps all the
arrows in his fingers and so he tucks
them in his finger and they just grabs
it with the other hand draws it back so
they were actually winning the war for
exactly for hundreds of years hundreds
for hundreds of years and it was so
crazy what they would do is the US
government would give people allotments
of land saying hey Oklahoma is a
beautiful place why don't you guys move
there and you can get a thousand acres
of land like whoa golly I'm gonna take
my family moved to Oklahoma and what
they were basically using them was
cannon fodder for the Comanches so they
would send these people in they just get
slaughtered yeah because they wanted to
try to figure out how to settle this
land rent they wanted these people to
kind of fight the battles with the
Comanches and then the soldiers
eventually would move in and then they
set up forts so they were just put out
as bait yes they're put means it's
horrific whether it's conscious or
unconscious or whether it was you know
semi aware or you know when they're
maybe these people could fix it yeah but
they definitely did get slaughtered what
part of the country where the Comanche
Oklahoma Texas a lot of sections of the
West okay they ran things yeah and they
were cousins yeah there was they were
incredibly nomadic they rode horses they
were fantastic with horses they they had
the most horses right well the reason
the most powerful tribe and they all
they ate was meat they would eat buffalo
but mostly and you know occasionally
berries and stuff like that but mostly
their diet consisted of Buffalo's follow
the Buffalo and then kill all the other
Native Americans they encountered oh
really
kill all the settlers they encountered
other ruthless jeez yeah so the other
native Archer the torture is insane
cutting people's arms and legs off and
throwing them on a fire while they're
still alive shit like that he's so they
enjoyed it yeah I mean this book that I
read empire of the summer moon is all
about the Comanches this guy SG Quinn
was in here and he kind of explained how
he found out about it when he moved to
Texas and he moved to Texas and started
delving into the history of the
Comanches and the war that the Texas
Rangers the Texas Rangers the original
Texas Rangers were created to combat the
Comanches they were these super badass
soldiers that dressed like Indians and
then and they realized they had to learn
how to fight on horses because the
Comanches actually shot arrows on horses
whereas the original US soldiers would
get off the horse to shoot a shot it was
ineffective right Comanches would run up
on them and fill them up with arrows
it was crazy they would kidnap all these
white settlers and take their babies and
take that killed her babies take their
children incorporate their children into
the tribes rape the women torture and
kill the men Wow but they were nomadic
they didn't know it so they didn't
settle create little town always moving
around only tents and they followed the
Buffalo yeah so just like seasons they
would stay in an area for a little did
we just follow the Buffalo wherever the
Buffalo were that's where they would go
geez yeah but the the thing about it is
it's to me so strange that cultures can
become comfortable with extreme violence
like very comfortable yeah right well
anything that you're just exposed to all
the time you know we're pretty violent
society right we see a lot of violent
images all the time we see it but in
terms of like day to day violence now
compared to just a couple of hundred
years ago no you radical drop off yeah
you'd have to choose to digest it now
yeah you'd have to choose but a lot of
people do choose yeah but also you can
put yourself in a little bubble and
like it doesn't really exist or you can
get into a murder bubble just like some
people get into a porn bubble right you
can just get into like watching people
get slaughtered
oh yeah right yeah yeah yeah I'm gonna
watch other yeah bread comes out tonight
right at midnight as though it is last
midnight last night so it's out right
now it's out Oh My Jesus it's done it's
out are you with it I am happy with it
how many years did you work on it two
and a half that's a good number
yeah close to three yeah that's a good
number yeah that seems like to polish an
act
get it tight tour with a little bit and
then almost get to the point where
you're done with it yeah almost sick of
it yeah
where something started that's how I can
tell and jokes start to peel off mm-hmm
is you're not you done with them yeah
and then out of the ones you ever do you
ever have when you get close to taping
all of a sudden something new pops in
and makes the lineup oh yeah last minute
of course you know of course yeah other
stuff you've been working on him really
trying to perfect it for a couple of
years and then all of a sudden something
shows up like the last week that's a
killer yeah I think it's just you're in
that space yeah and yeah I shot it in
Newark Newark yeah really yeah why
Newark I'm from Jersey I'm a Jersey guy
that was born in Newark yeah and I just
feel like I just have a real affection
for all those great New Jersey cities
that have been just destroyed by
corruption Passaic Patterson Trenton
Newark all these great places that were
system yeah corruption yeah corruption
there's a ton of money in New Jersey
there's a ton of money people getting
taxed like crazy and then these
politicians multiple times going to jail
for abusing the system and getting
busted and bribery and just it's just
awful just really and it just became
real violent places and people start
moving out and I really think it's gonna
come back they're just too great it's
like Asbury Park hit the Jersey Shore
mm-hmm used to drive through there and
was just bombed to help with these great
big Victorian homes right on the beach
it's like how's this place not just
kicking
ass and the only way that it over works
the gay community comes in and says well
this is nice and we're gonna fix it they
saved Asbury Park Asbury Park absolutely
so I think it's gonna come back so I
just wanted to in a little way just
shine a little light on Newark so Asbury
Park is basically a gay neighborhood now
I don't know if it's a gay neighborhood
but it's a good healthy gay population
and so they buy these Victorians that
are on the beach and are they valuable
now yeah yeah the real estate's really
come up there only makes sense right
there's only so much beachfront property
exactly I mean look at Mountain Malibu's
preposterous I've looked at houses in
Malibu that are on the beach oh my god
it's hilarious
yeah like create like doesn't make sense
money millions of dollars for a house
that looks like it cost 150,000 exactly
yeah that in North Carolina probably
would yeah right and should yeah yeah no
it's crazy but there's so it's limited
there's not that much especially in that
area
you know the Jersey Shore the whole
coast it's like Manhattan it's the same
thing yeah but it's a that I do feel
like there's I mean you look back and
you read all these books from like
Philip Roth and stuff he was from Newark
and it was just this thriving place with
industry and people living their lives
and then it became as real darkness and
it feels like I'm full that it the
population will succeed and tearing them
over hmm
so what was the theater that you went to
the Performing Arts Center the Victoria
theater and it's like this Performing
Arts Theatre there it's beautiful great
space it's this with little downtown
it's where the Devils are playing and
then that's before they moved and it's
like this one square block I mean you
get on a train you're in Manhattan in
ten minutes right so is this great
theater I did two shows there I'd
perform there before it's north got a
lot of fans in Jersey
yeah it's slowly you know parts of it
you know it's tough you know two steps
forward and two steps back we've done
some UFC fights there oh yeah
yeah oh right because you couldn't do
New York grace for a long time right so
we should do it in in in New York yeah
yeah you know there's beautiful downtown
area really great beautiful Whole Foods
and Nike really yeah beautiful in Newark
yep beautiful and then you know you get
it to the outer you go a couple more
blocks it's a different story when I
first moved to New York I stayed with my
grandfather in Newark
oh yeah my grandfather bought a house in
Newark and like the early I guess it was
probably the 40s
he bought a house there and stayed there
till he died
oh really North ninth Street and it was
originally an Italian neighborhood and
then it slowly became a bunch of
different kinds of neighborhoods they
did a thing called blockbusting where
real estate agents would come and say
hey black people are moving into this
neighborhood you got a sell now or your
real estate value is gonna drop what
yeah and my grandfather was like fuck
you I like black people why would I move
he wouldn't move man but the
neighborhood changed from an Alitalia
neighborhood to a black neighborhood and
then and then it eventually became a
bunch of different immigrants right and
then when I stayed there and this was
probably 88-91 and 91-92
that's when I lived there it was bad man
yeah next-door neighbor got his a house
broken into by the cops that battering
ram his front door he was selling crack
oh my god yeah
in racket my grandfather knew that kid
from the time he was a little uh
terrible you know
he's watching this kid grow up to become
a drug dealer again in like a nice outie
that he kept parked in the driveway
right behind a gate yeah I was spending
all that crack crack money
my sister runs this nonprofit I think
I've talked to you about it called City
green out of Clifton and they create all
of these city gardens and take over farm
lands I can Passaic and Patterson and
mm-hmm and it just really bring these
young kids in it has like these learning
gardens and these school programs with
these kids from Paterson and Passaic
come in and they're just like these
young little kids that don't understand
like we're vegetables come from their
parents their families are blown apart
and they're just
like there is thirsty as the vegetables
they are they just want love and
learning and what are useful and they
just it's so inspiring the sea and if
you if you can get kids at that age like
four five six seven if you can get them
there that's gonna change everything hmm
you can come in and help these kids out
and give them a lifeline that seems like
where most of the change can happen yeah
if you can catch them when they're young
you have them a positive direction to go
into that's one of the things that I
talked about a bunch of times in the
podcast like we spend so much money
overseas to try to replace dictators and
get rid of fucked up governments when we
spend so little time going into inner
cities and trying to give young kids
chance I know
give them opportunities create community
centers do something where you give them
an alternative to drugs and crime and
gangs and and all the shit that plagues
those errors that's where you really
believe and I've talked to other people
that are really into philanthropy and
they all seem to think that that's the
way to do it one of those are young get
them when they're young but what the
program is is difficult and you got to
try and get the parents involved with it
and all that but if you can do that
there's I mean well that's how you're so
inspiring when you see these kids then
move up to high school and they're just
you know you I grew up with kids that
were you know okay and so lazy in
comparison to these kids they just suck
everything in and want to do well and
they're inspiring these kids will just
kick ass what do whatever they have to
do to learn do whatever they have to do
to get into college they're just really
like some of the best people you could
possibly make hmm and because they're
thankful that they have that opportunity
and they understand that they could have
gone a bad way right a lot of people
that they grew up with
yeah and they see in their neighborhoods
you know there's there's a there's
trouble this this is not this isn't this
isn't guaranteed that things are going
to go right for me you know right it's
amazing that there hasn't been more time
and effort invested by the government to
try to clean up these terrible
neighborhoods it's just not immediately
profitable and I guess every politician
has for you
in office mm-hmm yeah it's really I know
it's like I did a I did a fundraiser in
Newark this is where I got the idea to
do the special there I did a fundraiser
it wasn't a fundraiser it was um like a
awards dinner kind of thing for this
prominent lawyer and all these
politicians were there and they all
seemed like you know people with good
intentions and whatever and then you
walk out into into the city and on the
way to the airport it's like man this is
some of these areas it's like how this
is those people were nice but it takes
it'll take thousands of those people to
really all work on that problem like I
don't know how you do it but you know
when I travel around touring and I'm
sure you see it too in every city all of
a sudden there's these tent cities just
popping up homeless people that wasn't
around when I started touring like in
the middle of New Orleans in the middle
of every city San Francisco the Upper
Midwest you know there's just all of a
sudden these camps of homeless people
yeah that did not exist before
no Los Angeles is staggering I mean
there's basically a small city inside
the city
yeah there's right now they're bordering
on 70,000 people 70,000 70,000 people
live on the streets in Los Angeles just
in LA just in LA and because la never
really gets cold really rains ten times
a year it's really not that hard if you
have a tent you can live outside yeah
and they do I mean they did full-on
tents and they string them all together
mhm and to create little villages yeah
there's uh the underpasses like all
throughout LA now are filled with tents
yeah yeah no it's incredible it is how
much of it I have no idea but how much
of it is mental illness how much of it
is just economic I'm sure it's all the
above yeah it's a bunch of different
factors but you know mostly if you your
instinct well mental illness for sure
was what started out the wave of
homeless people during the Reagan
administration because they changed the
criteria for people being able to you
know be confined to a mental health
institute they they released a bunch of
people they changed what what
constituted you being mentally ill
whereas before there were asylums right
get help in counseling and maybe even
get out but now they just kick those
people out or then they could just kick
those people out right and I remember it
because how old you I'm 50 yeah I'm a
little old in um 52 so when I was early
52 uh-huh
when I was uh I guess I was like in high
school or right after high school
yeah Hagen was in office all that shit
was going down and people were freaking
out because all of a sudden there was
homeless people wandering around the
street right and there that didn't exist
before and people were really angry they
were like these are mentally ill people
and now they're just wander and you know
I lived in Boston it was fucking really
cold yeah to see people wandering around
at Boston
it's definitely always a a large portion
of people that truly truly need help
yeah right it's not just that you know
they're lazy you don't just go get a job
like there's major issues and there
needs to be some kind of a safety net to
help these people and you could just see
it I mean it's so weird to be it's it's
popping up in LA in areas that it never
was before yeah and even what-what is
lazy right like how many people that are
late that lazy that they're homeless how
many people are mentally ill there's got
to be a lot of a lot you know I mental
illness is a weird thing right because
it's got such a stigma attached to it
but and I think there what is wellness
right what's mental wellness maintaining
a beautiful state of mind a peaceful
relaxed calm thankful filled with
gratitude you know loved
happy that's healthy right mm-hmm
everyone experiences some mental illness
just like everyone experiences some
physical illness but it's a matter of
whether or not it becomes chronic and
prolonged and what it does to you and
the people around you and some people
have it way worse to some people have
way worse physical health right yeah
some people have way worse mental health
and some people it deteriorates and
sometimes you could be like on the right
track and some stuff happens to you and
within six months you're in trouble you
know what I mean it's a it's a it's a
tricky situation to kind of maintain
we're
a lot more fragile than we like to
pretend we are yeah it's one of the
beautiful things about being a comic is
that we have a real community uh-huh you
know I mean we have a really beautiful
supportive community of like-minded
weirdos it's it's it really is true I
know like is there a place that other
people get to go to that we get to go to
like the store where everybody's hugging
everybody everybody sees everybody I
know so friendly I was thinking about
that I was I was at I was leaving and
everybody every time you leave a club
whether it's the store or the seller in
New York everyone's always asking are
you gonna be here tomorrow you're gonna
be around where you going you're gonna
be like everyone cares about they want
to see you again and they want to know
if you're coming back and I was like
that's such a wonderful thing yeah this
isn't an office this is no this isn't
people that are being made to see you
every day right but if if you're leaving
the store and we say goodnight it's like
are you gonna be here tomorrow yeah are
you coming back to the Playhouse yeah
we're looking for yeah we're real lucky
in that regard because I don't think
musicians have a spot like that where
they get you know do they feel isolated
if they're not with their band or their
family yeah isolated yeah
and it's and it's interesting because
the LA it's the stories revival I think
is given it a sense of place because
coming from New York I felt when I was
out here like oh Khomeini's just roll
into the laughs action and then get in
their car and they're gone there's no
hangout yeah there's nothing there and
The Improv had it for a while and they
messed with the bar and they moved it to
the other side and ruined that was such
a great place they ruined I know and
it's it hasn't got its mojo back how do
you get a mojo back I don't know have
you ever seen that photo of The Improv
where it's Jay Leno he's got a pipe yeah
yeah in the bar and everyone's in the
bar the bar is packed with people I know
and it's this weird sort of photograph
of you know capturing time yeah and that
was what it was like when I first
started coming here there was basically
two schools there was the Improv School
and then there was the Comedy Store
school right and then there was the
Laugh Factory
just like the stepchild right it was
weird yeah it's a little weird cuz Jamie
used to work at the comedies
door he was a dishwasher there and then
left to start his own comedy club yeah
you would you know the industry people
would go to the improv that was all like
people that were angling to get on
sitcoms people that were squeaky clean
right and then the deranged weirdos
we're all hanging around at the store
yeah and it's comfortable there for them
but a new wave the new revival the store
is very different totally different very
different but it still has that shadows
of that there's something like there's
still some deranged yeah it's in the
walls it's baked tomorrow
[Laughter]
be able to build a place like that it
would have already exist yeah because if
you try to build a place in 2020 sadar
we're gonna build a new Comedy Store
we're gonna put it over here and a
Silver Lake and we're gonna this is this
and that and that and we're gonna make
it like the Comedy Store yeah it would
feel like a hotel bar Encino hotel long
yeah yeah
why is it echoey what's wrong here
there's no soul it places have a soul
and that place has a hoof so a lot of
Dark Souls a lot of mixed up Souls yeah
that's a weird point of contention with
scientists and with people that are open
to more weird ideas yeah that things
have a field to them that things even
have a memory to them oh yeah I believe
that a hundred percent I do too but if
you you know if you talked to a
brilliant scientist they would dismiss
that instantaneously they think they
were all brilliant but they're not open
to everything they're acting all smart
with their little test scores and their
lab coats but walk into an old hotel in
Italy and tell me that you don't feel
something something there that history
I'm not saying it's all ghosts coming up
and giving you belly rubs something till
they have that dismissive need to refer
to be a reductionist to reduce
everything down to its core components
and dismiss any soul it gives you
control right it gives you an idea like
that this crazy madness is some
how manageable like I do it too in my
life you know I organize my desk and I
get my thing and I get my schedule and
okay everything's okay
this isn't chaos ya know who we're not
all gonna be this this isn't completely
out of my control I'm controlling this
at least my pens over there yeah and my
books over here right I would think that
that's what it is and if you can't if
you can't justify it with facts and
numbers then it doesn't exist well I
don't know because certain places always
seem to have a personality and there's
there's more there's more going on I did
just because we haven't figured it out
yet doesn't mean that that stuff doesn't
exist no I agree even this room even
this place like you know you moved here
right this would be this is the old
place was the thing but this feels
different now than when you first showed
up it's got stuff there's got there's
some memories there's some things have
happened there's like it feels
comfortable here well we got this desk
too there's the same desk from the
beginning this desk is soaked in with
people's palm sweat and weirdness good
feelings and weird feelings yeah and it
wouldn't have come from something that
wasn't wood yeah no I agree and this is
also reclaimed farmhouse wood yeah yeah
this is all from some Russian farm this
is all reclaimed oak all the shit is
like a hundred years old Wow yeah where
Russia mmm we decided to get this wood
one of the things when I was building
this I said can we get wood that's old
yeah and so we we figured out that there
was ways you get like really old oak and
so Eric the guy who made all this got
this really old Russian oak and cut it
all down and trimmed it and you know
right everything's all you know it's
like got cracks in it and it's it's
expanded and it has personality it's
alive yeah it's alive if it's not alive
I mean it's it's organic that's probably
to describe ya know that it has a
difference and then you know if you want
to go further and talk about the ghosts
that show up that we show you the
picture of my ghost you have a picture
of a ghost didn't I show you that
did I ever show you that Jamie I don't
think so you have a ghost I have a ghost
where your house I apologize if I'm
repeating myself I don't know if you are
I don't remember this all right but I'm
I got one of those nest cameras oh the
nest cameras captured it goes those yeah
and I was at the Comedy Works in Denver
and it goes with you again
he opens for me you know you want an
opener that you can trust
yeah and I got an alert on my email the
first time like if you if it senses
movement and it alerts you and I open it
up and there's my dog Bella just in the
thing like this is so cool I'm just like
I mean I'm in Denver and I'm looking at
my office and I thought wouldn't that be
a cool beginning of a horror movie
if you get an alert on your phone and
back at home there's a guy just staring
in the camera right that's a good
premise for a movie so then I as I'm
saying that to my opening act who wasn't
a ghost I get another alert and then
this comes up oh yeah you can see it up
there okay why do you have a picture of
Chris D'Elia on your wall Krista Leah we
just found out look at that bro that's
D'Elia Chris keep away from Tom
something you might not know I love
D'Elia
but that's George Carlin that's a man
with a wrench yeah or a man in a trench
coat with an Uzi this is 10 o'clock at
night the only people home or my wife
and my daughter this is on the second
floor there is no shadow coming in the
thing it's a ghost that's a legitimate
as a person that's not a person for sure
my wife is the only one in the house hmm
and you think that's a gun in his hand
it could be a clipboard maybe he's just
a really annoying surveyor from the dead
he's like a few moments of your time
video of it was it moving or something
no but I have a video of another thing
in the same office so I could show you
this is weird
yeah it
looks way different in this picture when
it's small than it does when it's large
which is scarier when it's large it
looks more like a person can make it
even bigger Jamie can use make his image
larger hmm I have a ghost in my house
and then we hear things yeah see it does
seem it seems like you know the light is
behind him right like yeah you like you
the outside right edge of it is sort of
highlighted like there's a light behind
him mm-hmm
doesn't look a gun though it is weird
and it could be a gun and then I got
this video could be a sawzall for Brad
he's got a fixer and a big electric
serrated chef's knife and chop up some
bread bro so have you ever had an
experience that you could say you think
is probably a ghost cause that everybody
in the house has had a little something
is your household it's not old how well
like poltergeist writers over over an
Indian burial ground you never know I'm
Tom Tom ya never know
what look at this video in the same
office from the nest you got a video
what's going on did the thing move no
can you press play again
okay the same camera what's that it's a
bug bro it's a bug 100% that's a bug how
do you know it's a bug because it's a
bug it's moving into the camera it flies
around its doing loop dee-licious
that's a bug it's probably a moth oh my
god you're a little fruitcake crazy
person that is not that's no bug you're
a crazy person
look how it's sailing so what they call
is a fruitcake fruitcake is not that's a
gay person that's a gay person but you
can call someone a fruitcake of their
nuts too right isn't it yeah nuttier
than a fruitcake yeah yeah yeah look how
that okay let go that's no broad look at
that that is a bug you're out of your
mind that's a bug do you want to see I
would bet drop it to me real quick all
right I would be all-in but that's above
all right that's not it goes it's Tinker
Bell that's what it is
your house is invaded by fairies but
that ghosts my I believe in ghosts
really and yeah I do
and then my wife yeah we've all had
little things go on in the house a
little thing my wife thought someone was
standing right behind her she's doing
the laundry thought it was my daughter
and turned in this note oh that's about
thank you let's watch this let's watch
it so everyone at home can laugh crazy
tom pappas
here we go well if you first watch the
bug oh look oh yeah a flat paper just
she's a paper ball bugs look like a
fortune cookie
dude it's a bug listen to me there was
there's a thing that I got sucked in to
stop any bug that's a video artifact
it's because it's moving very fast and
from the screen there's a precedent to
this you have a low resolution camera
that's in front of your desk yeah this
is a security camera low resolution
doesn't take a lot of frames per second
the reason why it's so elongated is
because it's passing by this camera and
the thing is taking multiple exposures
huh Wow while it moves through there's a
thing called is that George Carlin
behind your desk yeah that's the daliyah
that's the chris d'elia it moved to the
it's George Carlin's oh who actually
that's George Carlin that's pretty cool
you got that above your desk yeah um the
there's a thing called Roswell Rods see
how it looks all long like that uh-huh
and Roswell Rods there was this guy that
me and Eddie Bravo back in the smoke too
much weed everyday' days we were
convinced that there were these things
that were moving too fast for the human
eye to see and there there's gelatinous
jellyfish-like creatures they're shaped
like a - that's the idea
see how they look see those things yeah
yeah where'd you get the idea you'd seen
a video see that one that
black-and-white one word show right
right above your cursor Jamie
to the right right there click on that
one yeah that sort of iconic image of
the
well rod had me convinced like oh my god
there's these things in the sky and the
only way you could capture them was with
video cameras so it set these video
cameras up and they would get these
things on video and this guy made this
documentary I think a couple of
documentaries I think if you go to
Roswell Rods dot-com the whole website
dedicated to it yeah it is nothing but a
video artifact once there's a show
called one of those monster shows
fucking one of those Wright History
Channel shows or Discovery Channel shows
yeah and they solved the mystery they
set up two cameras in front of this
fireplace or this fund this campfire
yeah one of them was a campfire me know
I think it was actually a lantern
whatever it was they set up these two
cameras one of them was standard
resolution and the other wasn't was HD
so one of them captured multiple frames
per second like many many many frames
were a very high resolution and in that
one you clearly see bugs clearly very
easily defined bug in the other one yeah
that's low resolution and it doesn't
capture as many frames per second all
those images are stretched out and it
looks like tubes so in the exact same
place at the exact same time with two
cameras right next to each other two
very different images one of them is all
stretched out from the low resolution
camera like your security camera the
other one is high resolution and you can
see it's clearly a bug I guarantee you
1,000,000% that is a fucking bug alright
I'll buy that one see if you find it I'm
convinced but that other one here it
goes lover bro I love all of it I love
being in a spooky old house a nice old
church theaters The Comedy Store belly
room scares me sometimes yeah I've taken
people up there I go just just stand
here and tell me if you don't feel weird
in the belly room there's something
about the belly room I go above those
stairs it's just like there's something
about that room especially when there's
no show going on it just feels like your
body's telling me you get the fuck out
of here right let's get out of here so
what is that your bitch the back one off
the main room the dressing area whenever
you're back
yourself that's a weird feeling that's a
sketchy spot yeah that's a really weird
feeling where Kinnison said he saw like
didn't he see like a quarter move in the
air he ate a pound of cocaine now guy
snorted so much coke who the fuck does
what he saw is he's not a good know well
Carla Boh who's Kinnison sidekick had a
great story about getting kicked out of
the comic store and he told it on stage
one night then he got kicked out
not of the comic store excuse me kicked
out of his home gotten to fight his wife
you know get out fuck you you know I'm
going to goddamn comic store yeah so he
went to the comic store just because I
think he was working security the store
so he had keys yes he said I'm gonna
sleep on this stage I'm gonna make it
one day I want to be a big famous
comedian almost this is my fucking stage
I'm gonna sleep here so he slept there
may be dark main room in the dark and he
hears something in the background and he
hears like a door click click you like
picks his head up pitch black can't see
shit hello it's Carl hey I got kicked
out in my house I'm sleeping here if
anybody's here wondering and then he
hears chairs moving clink clink clink
clink he's like what the fuck is going
on hello and then something grabs him by
the ankle it pulls him off the stage
into the crowd into where the seats are
crashing into the chairs and then boom
the door shuts and boom another door
shuts and it's gone and he's laying on
the ground in in the middle of the main
room a bunch of knocked over chairs
something had grabbed his ankle and
pulled him off the stage
Oh or he did a lot of coke with Kissin
he was right he was it's a great store
that is a great sir didn't he told it on
stage one night at the store holy shit
yeah that's a good question I've never
asked the audience if they feel weird in
there no I don't think they do they're
drunk they're drunken they're watching a
show they're having a good time
yeah they're there for fun the basement
feels weird you had such a funny I saw
you like a week ago working stuff out on
the main stage that whole thing about
back of the hand oh yeah I don't talk I
won't get what I want I know working
that butt
that whole area was so funny oh thank
you yeah it's uh it's the most rewarding
feeling ever when you have a chunk and
it's just like become something yeah
over to uh you know because in the
beginning Oracle it's it's like a plant
I know right in the beginning is like a
couple of leaves in the stick and hope
you fucking we come to trade yeah
exactly now it's like a tree yeah well
now it's got branches and you can hang
from it yeah and like branches it goes
off and yeah places so it was fun to
watch I can't imagine not doing that
yeah you know cause it's the most fun
thing to do I know well you get addicted
to it too when you don't do it you start
feeling like a weirdo oh yeah once
you've done it a bunch you know that's
it it's yeah you start getting like
weird
go on vacation for a week when you're
living on air what do I do I go to
dinners now Thailand
do you guys have comedy oh yeah you know
comedy at all yeah weird you brought it
back to Jamie - oh yeah I gave Jamie I
know James gonna come back tomorrow it's
a beauty
it is a beautiful bread belly he doesn't
have a toaster you don't have what do
you want Savage I just threw my old one
away I was planning on get a new one I
never did actually good thing is you can
get them anywhere and it's not like
they're probably heavy your house before
you get home they have their own trucks
now I know they've made me so snotty I'm
like it it won't be here today you know
it's interesting it's like we have this
attitude about business right that lamb
we want you know it's nice when someone
works hard and creates a business and
become successful yeah but it's not when
they become too successful right it's
not when they there they are the
business yeah and then we think that's a
monopoly we got to break that up yeah I
gotta hear a lot of people saying that
they should break up Amazon
yeah they're too big - a good good so
you want to end up so you want to wait
five days for a book but the idea is you
want other people to be able to open up
bookstores yeah I don't know I know I'm
not an economically I don't know it's
like I'm not a rocket scientist
clearly not an economics expert but I
know but it's yeah I see the arguments
but I also see a little bit of hater in
those arguments Thanks for writing that
quote from my book my way is you're my
friend it was really great when is your
book out they can pre-order it now but
it was out in May and you can pre-order
it where Amazon
yeah but they know they are talking
about Amazon book is coming out on
Amazon that is it's like that's like a
ghost it's like they know hey back to
the comedy store thing yeah
wasn't there a story that someone came
in a waitress came in and all the chairs
were stacked in a pile yeah but I never
talked to that waitress did you know I
don't even know if it was a waitress
I've talked to people that have had
weird experiences yeah but you never
know man people are tired in the day
there's a lot the power of suggestion
but then there's also the reality that
that used to be Bugsy Siegel's nightclub
and the people were murdered there yeah
Bugsy Siegel was a legit gangster and
they killed people in that club in that
club apparently they killed people in
the basement yeah that's the word have
you ever been in the base Oh podcaster
yeah yeah yeah that doesn't feel creepy
a little bit weird it feels a little
weird yeah I was weird when I did
Argus's show down there fucking material
man Argus Argus is a hustler he's always
right as no joke no joke at all I saw
him kill the other night in the main
room on a Saturday night I was like he
is fucking good with jokes written like
yes I know really current event jokes
but tight good solid jokes he's no joke
he I follow him a lot I end up going on
after him a lot there and I'm just
always amazed yeah I mean like not not
like just from the headlines kind of
this like like a like a late-night show
this kind of worked
isn't that funny no like funny good
jokes and you know he's a guy that never
threw in the towel yeah that's the thing
about Argus I mean he writes all the
time for periodicals he writes jokes for
like newspapers like that and he runs I
think something crazy like at least 10
a day what yeah well he's in Hollywood
he's out there and that the streets are
his gym he gets out there yeah we were
hanging around a store one night an
Argus pulled in with fucking sweatpants
on all sweaty and shit huh I go what do
you do I'm just getting back from a run
he was out there running I was like whoa
yeah he's he's the real deal
I mean he's been at the store forever
from the 70s from the 7 I mean he's to
date mitzi he did you didn't know that
no yeah
who's Mitzi's boyfriend there he is
that's Argus Hamilton in a time machine
yeah I mean he's been swinging at the
store forever look at him that's a night
I was in eighth grade oh my god I was in
ninth grade I was in high school that
was my first year of high school one
who's already on the fucking Tonight
Show I probably saw him on The Tonight
Show you know that's one of the things
that inspired me do stand-up is watching
Richard Jeni on The Tonight Show Jenny
yeah okay watching watching comics do
stand-up on The Tonight Show was like
one of my favorite things yeah when I
want to stand up but come on I'd be in
my I had a TV in my bedroom with a
12-inch TV yeah and you know we had
rabbit ears get whatever was on regular
Network you know yeah people don't even
know what that is anymore
it's easy folks there's a signal that's
in the sky and you can pick up the TV if
you put tinfoil on the end of it you'll
get even better seasons better reception
you had a fuck with the antenna remember
like you could stand there I would stand
there sometimes and hold it a certain
way and you know when it was really
great when it snowed right when it
snowed out you'd a great surface
something something happens with cell
phones too you know
yeah when it snows outer cell phone
reception yeah just there's something
going on with I still use one from time
to time because in LA depending on where
you are there are a lot of free 4k HD
stations that are going over just
wherever you are through the air and
then I'm watching sporting events
because that's the clearest it would be
because to be better than what you're
getting streamed online when a
helicopter would go over your house the
signal
break up the wave yeah how did it affect
your toaster so the helicopter the Papa
would fuck with the air and that would
be messed up to save me it's all waves
right yeah Wow weird
I remember my we have this tiny little
TV room in my grandparents house and the
men would sit in there
beyond this tiny little couch and I'd
have to hold the antenna so they could
watch the game so I used to have a
wrench to change the channel because the
thing broke off remember those little
piece of plastic you click click to
change the channels and the thing broke
off slide in here with a wrench and have
to pop pop that's how you change a
channel yeah used to keep a wrench on
top of the TV yeah remember finding the
finding the UHF channels yes Oh like
this is crazy penny Floyd was the guy in
New Jersey yeah most people don't know
who he is I worked with him you did I
did stand-up with him yeah it's still
out there I think now is he really yeah
my cousins are him in some place in
Wayne New Jersey or some dude I did a
bob gonzo gig with uncle Floyd on the
shore in Jersey me and there he is very
nice guy
bowtie plaid jackin me and Otto and
George oh yeah that makes perfect sense
yeah and he's a handsome man I fuckin
bombed but he did went on after him ate
shit after uncle Floyd yeah ter they
didn't want to see me at all would he
him would he do songs or what he just do
stay I don't remember
hmm I don't remember I believe he
brought puppets and he had a show on UHF
that just went forever forever in New
Jersey
yeah uncle Floyd show Monday through
Friday 6:30 p.m. and he just cable
television network of New Jersey it's
like public access look at him
Wow yeah it was like public accident
yeah do you remember public access you
used to be able to do your own show you
could go down the public access station
yeah I did it there was a guy named
era Pucci me and I think Todd Parker
with the ones we did like when we were
both all three of us were open my curse
we did a show on cable access TV in
Boston we went it was your own show well
we just did a show I think we did one
episode and I was wearing a dress
I forget was like a game show like like
a dating show type of deal it's we
created ourselves to I'm sure it was
terrible yeah but you were doing it it
was great yeah and then some one of my
friends said did I see you on TV wearing
a dress I was like probably great all
these maniacs that's the only people
that would do it oh boy right there was
a porn one in New York there was a porn
one it was Hina porny she was famous she
was like legendary in New York oh I know
he talking right well Howard Stern had a
cable-access show didn't he no he had
clothes he had wo wor that's right which
is like channel 9 and that's right he
had a weird gig weird like small show
back when Howard Stern was he was still
huge
but he wasn't huge like he became yeah
but he was he was popular yeah he was
big at the time he was big but I'm
trying to company it was before private
parts
yeah Fartman during that whole years
before then even Jackie the joke man
this is the girl the poor girl yeah
that's right
yeah and she would do it wasn't like you
know you couldn't go complete porn but
look she'd have yeah she was a so not
making fun of it oh that's an SNL sketch
font of Robin Bird but she would have
liked a lot of drag queens on wholesome
pornographic Robin bird sued Time Warner
okay and she had a cool voice and she
was just she was just a mainstay well do
you remember when there was a radio a
talk radio channel in LA like Tom Lycus
was on and there was two girls that
would talk about sex all the time
oh yeah yeah I forget they have one of
them I think was in Playboy right and
they had Tim Conway jr. Conway and
Steckler
yeah I mean they had there was a channel
an all talk radio channel and this was
in the 90s I remember because I would
listen to it when I was on the way to
news radio I would listen to the radio
when I was on the way to do the set
right to the set yeah yeah it's
something in a more our yeah
right in the afternoon I was coming home
oh that's what you guys were sunset
sunset Gower yeah I think we're at CBS
Radford originally maybe for a little
bit right I did hardball at CBS Radford
and then sunset in Gower right and we're
looking at all those other shows like
real shows like yeah yeah friends
everybody has envy it's fun always
you're on it's Network show thinking
only I could be over there and this day
it's one of my fondest memories but
there was a time I remember we were all
sitting around the set and we we kept
getting moved
we got moved no less than nine times
over the course of five years nine times
yeah we just kept getting we see the
thing is with shows back then in
particular yeah it all is about who owns
the show mm-hmm okay if NBC owns the
show and you know then you're golden
they're gonna put you in the great spot
and hook you up on their network yeah
we're going to put you like right after
friends or right after Seinfeld yes this
week yeah how was the Thursday night was
the sweet spot yeah they used to call
the hammock spot right between friends
and Seinfeld well yeah yeah some people
would call it that and it was the we
were all sitting around the set and one
of the guys from the was you know but
someone brought in the ratings yeah fuck
and then everyone's complaining and it's
not and everyone was so down and I was
like hey last time I checked we're on
fucking TV why I know I know we're not
number 80th my friend Lou Morton he
would cut he's one of the writers and
come in every day with a shirt with
sharpie the number that we were on and
one day came in and said 88 I was like
really like oh fuck
news radio oh my god we didn't do well
until we got canceled
Newsradio did great in reruns that's it
got a chance to see how funny it was so
yeah yeah it's so weird it's weird how
many times that happens - mm-hmm like
Arrested Development have a lot of those
shows it's all about where it is yeah I
know I know it's all about where they
put it yeah
so wait so the that it was on that all
talk radio was that the guy who would
was his name who would he would do all
the voices who'd do all the characters
no he was on a radio show Phil Hendrick
oh Henry Hill Henry Wade fill him he
would and he still does it if you never
heard Phil Henry he's a goddamn genius
yeah Phil Hendry would answer the phone
and then he would be the caller so he
would call up with these ridiculous
he would say ridiculous shit yeah were
you like how can this guy be real if
people get so angry and then other
people would call in like that man is so
ignorant and then he and you say no
Maddie you are ignorant here in front of
the Journal of American medicine and he
would just go on these and most people
were in on the gag yeah I'm right I
wouldn't even say most people maybe like
60% of yeah great being parked in front
of my house like listening to it like
yeah yeah I think he is I think you're
right what does he do these days does he
have a radio show probably well Henry
he's probably working with uncle Floyd
Andrew show the philodendron show is it
on the radio the youtubes Today Show
about iTunes I feel about when I hear
about okay that's good like when I hear
people that are still doing radio radio
Mike Wolfe
do you have any other options is there
other what can you get out I'm on Sirius
XM right now that's different that's
definitely means like translating
interests you like radio like over the
over the air right yeah I know but you
know what there is something like I've
been I was in a couple towns Columbus
Ohio
Denver even where they have a strong
terrestrial radio thing mm-hmm
station that's popular Austin
Austin Bob it's such a cool thing and
we've kind of lost something like mmm
because they're talking about the show
that's coming to our town ignites a
sense of community that you don't have
in other things right and it's live yeah
it's happening over the air tools coming
in this weekend we're gonna we'll be
there it was also censored that's a real
issue
yeah for sure I mean look one thing that
we all owe Howard Stern a huge debt of
gratitude is that he was sued by the FCC
yeah I mean like legit yeah yeah he was
sued he lost a shitload of money the the
media company was a company that had his
show whenever the company was yeah they
were fined hundreds of thousands of
dollars right for him like well for
almost nothing this was during the Bush
administration they were going after him
remember that yeah I remember it dude
they went after him they went after him
hard to the point where it was scary
yeah where like you would you would hear
about it you know like what yeah and and
you would hear about the things that he
got fine see if you can find the things
that Howard Stern about five things you
got fine for yeah let's pull that up I
hope rejas listen man whatever anybody
wants to say about Howard Stern that
motherfucker opened the door for all of
us all of us for me 100% yeah okay let
me see the first thing is the fart man's
done well he got fine for them that was
intelligent ISM as he showed his ass
okay it's not really surprised that he
exposed his butt cheeks and a $10,000
gold spandex superhero costume blah blah
blah
where'd where's it's a fine - where's
it's a good find for that I don't it
said as most other greatest offense he
was he was Aunt Jemima joke I saw yeah
well there was a lot of stuff that he
said you know that you would look at it
today like in terms of like a podcast
you'd say listen even there's always a
I'm outrageous so here's the things that
he got fine for let's make that look at
the fucking numbers man August 12th 1993
$500,000 infinity broadcast network all
right and good find
$600,000 and $500,000 $600,000 December
18 1992 and then August 12 1993 $500,000
so within a year six months time even
look 92 2004 look at that is it in one
in one year's time in six months time
they get fired $1,100,000 fucking insane
man well and I wonder what the offenses
were its language mostly language I'm
sure it's language or subject matter
potty humor you know fuck man crazy I
mean we think about this today in terms
of like what we get away with on
podcasts oh god oh my total freedom
total freedom and I think a lot of that
was open that door was open because of
how it's turned what does it say that it
says playing the piano with his penis
she recorded that Chris okay Louie Louie
this wjk JFK FM in Washington DC became
the third Infinity station to air the
Howard Stern Show in 1988 two months
later and Stoll Mel of New Jersey
mistakenly tuned her radio to hear Stern
talk about having naked women in for an
upcoming show she recorded the us
fucking snitch she reported the
Christmas party broadcast in December
16th that featured a man playing the
piano with his penis mm-hmm a choir
singing about gay sex to the tune of
white Christmas and women being
hypnotized to achieve orgasm under the
referral of her senator this fucking
crazy lady called the senator and
congressman stumble fire filed a
complaint with transcripts and a tape of
the program the FCC reviewed the
evidence and asked infinity in October
1989 for an explanation as the material
in quotes may have violated federal law
by including indecent programming during
daytime hours and that's funny like at
nighttime it's okay to get naughty yeah
Karmazin argued that the term patently
offensive in its new rule
was vague and the sexual references
cited were no more offensive than
daytime television shows Geraldo and
Donahue which used similar terms without
repercussions sure his response was
later rejected at the FCC yeah so they
started finding him back then in 88 I
would imagine that for terrestrial radio
a lot of that still holds you could get
away with a lot more now yeah and
because of him because of Howard Stern
because of all the I mean look and he
was under the gun manatee he stuck to
his guns yeah he kept doing the same
program I mean it's it's a vastly
different program now but and people
criticize him because of that but look
he's a different person yeah he
shouldn't have to do that old show he he
should do whatever he wants right that's
who he is now right exactly you know but
I work for NPR do this live from here
which was Prairie Home Companion and I
do this thing on that show and there
they have comedians on once in a while
and they have musicians and they are
really strict when when a comic is about
to go out there he's told 20 times what
he can and can't say hmm and it's like
really really really strict and if you
violate it if you say the wrong thing
they get a fine for every station that
it airs on throughout the network oh
Jesus yes okay 100 stations is 105 yes
exactly that is it's still it's still
really serious and that's censorship six
o'clock in the evening in the East Coast
it's so ridiculous it's you know look I
get it if you have a program and it's a
rated PG program and you know this is
the way you want it because it's for
kids and their families and stuff like
that but for the government to step in
it's ridiculous yeah it really is
ridiculous and the fact that this was
you know that people had to endure this
for so long right I mean like before
Howard Stern people have to realize
there was no one there was no one like
that there was great Don Imus he is kind
of controversial in some ways yeah he
was and then Stern who is just a totally
different
yeah yeah he opened the door for podcast
for sure yeah all these outrageous
people doing podcasts he made the road
map right yeah 100%
well show the other was that here's you
can come over to this side of the street
and no one's gonna mess with you well
and when they opened up the door like
what you're on Sirius satellite radio
sirius satellite radio is also
responsible for podcast because they
showed that you could do things
uncensored right um they were the first
place yeah first real outlet Sirius XM
oh yeah both of them together but XM and
you know then they merged right so if
you're subscribing to it that means that
you're willing to participate you're
paying for it you're not it's not like
public terrestrial radio where if you
just get in your car and it pops up
right so if you're listening to Opie and
Anthony if you were rising in Howard
Stern like you could hear wild shit
right and then podcast sort of came out
of that right and like this podcast is
directly because of Opie and Anthony
100% oh yeah yeah because they set it up
the way their show was and you've done
it yeah it's a hang yeah you would go in
there and everybody would hang out real
loose very loose guys would come in hey
Tom Pappas here what's up Tom what are
you doing I'm playing cowboy lines and
this is now making bread yeah and
everybody would have a good time and
Jesse no there was no structure to it
yeah where's Stern had much more
structure yeah a lot more bits and we're
gonna go into this now and yeah that
kind of thing and he was actually a
classic radio yeah he was a you know he
worked the board and shit you know yeah
he was moving the nut the dials and
stuff writers yeah I had people working
for him it was it was he was more
structured open Anthony was more of a
hang right yeah and then Anthony started
doing live from the compound he he had
this house brain in Long Island and he
was with a fucking machine gun posing in
front of a green screen singing karaoke
and I remember thinking god damn I wish
I did that in my house I want like that
set up had a studio set up at his house
and I need one of those this may be just
any time you want to just go live and
start talking about things right and it
would stream on and you know the
internet was not that good back then
yeah right yeah all this happened like
starting yeah I think he was doing only
2006 or so while he was still on
yeah yeah and they were giving him a
hard time about it right they were
telling him you can't do that and he was
like but it only gets more people to
listen to the radio show right it's not
gonna take anything away from the radio
show yeah yeah which I definitely agree
with they got fired right when the last
time was that church thing yeah yeah
yeah yeah with the st. Patrick's
Cathedral is just here yeah yeah it was
yeah yeah yeah that's great he was the
last guest oh yeah I love him he's the
best he's the best he's a maniac
he's so funny he's Larry Oh God yeah
they got fired and then he realized how
quickly everything can go away because
he was like fuck goes out of money and I
think they were fired for like two years
yeah they couldn't be in the air in two
years that's right and so then then they
went too serious right they got hired by
serious and then you know and they had
that thing where they would do both at
the same time right they started with
serious what they were back on
terrestrial and then they would do the
walk I did it with them yeah you do the
walk the walk we would do we would
broadcast with wireless microphones
walking through New York City yeah okay
yeah it was like a block and a half away
so you'd get out they would strap you up
with these wireless mics yeah and then
we were walking down the street talking
it was on the air it was great I felt I
really felt fortunate to be a part of
that like I felt like I was a part of
history I know it felt like there was it
was like it was that's where the action
was for comedians to they had such a
home for comics 100% yeah and many buddy
and you look forward to like there was
never a time where I didn't want to do
it you know they were like ah don't get
up in the morning do this it was like
fuck yeah yeah Patrice would be in there
when my shows were sold out I still made
it in there yeah fun yeah felt like it
was a clubhouse like you felt like a
part and you also could be yourself yeah
you know it's like right you unabashedly
be yourself you know norton's in there
talking about trannies and you know and
his experiences with ladies of the night
and all this crazy shit and Therese was
ragging on everybody Louie would be
there
there there's us in Little Jimmy it's
great in the day there's like a Tom
Segura that's right like it top that's
fat Tom fat al Tom tats almost every boy
whoo and that was when we were 2005 look
I was said that they were talking about
the silver leg break in this oh ok so
that wasn't that's not the XM studio
wasn't it seems like it is serious yeah
wall the glass walls well yes serious
was yeah but that I felt I feel real
real fortunate
yeah part of that it was cool yeah
that's a good time Anthony when he would
latch into something it was just funny
as any of the comedians oh he was genius
he still is still hilarious yeah I
haven't heard his new thing very often
because well it's all the subscription
and he's decided to go to a complete
subscription model so that no one can
ever fuck with him anymore and pull him
off of things and he has a loyal fan
base its compound media he actually has
a whole bunch of different shows that
people can get from compound media so
you get a subscription and then you get
his show and a bunch of other shows and
he would just get that glint in his eye
when they get onto a subject and you
just it was like a like a dog with a
little toy just knew he had something
there's a real there's a real benefit in
what he does you know that the only
people that are going to that are people
that want to see his show and hear his
show so he can say the most outrageous
shit and he's never gonna get fired yeah
because if people subscribe or they
unsubscribe
it's probably you know a wash you know
right right you know I'm sure he gained
subscribers
maybe he'll gain subscribers because
we're talking about it but but it was an
interesting thing where they it was the
combination of those guys you know what
I mean like they yeah over the years had
that rhythm mm-hmm and you know and Opie
would lob it in and then just to see it
all break up at the end was really sad
fuck yeah it's uh they should come back
yeah I mean the I don't think Anthony
wants to yeah I think you would ever
want to again no it got pretty good guy
Chris yeah they got they don't like each
other anymore yeah it's too bad I mean
in Anthony on his show they would shit
on Opie know they would
got bad yeah girly yeah and then Opie
got fired he was doing opens open Jim
was he do ya hope he radio Elfi radio
then he got fired for filming someone in
the bathroom I was taking a shit and he
filmed them yep radio pranks gotta ride
people and their shitty but if you can
like if I was taking a shit and you up
above the door hey July but hey your
motherfucker shut the door you never
think you're gonna lose your job for
that we would be laughing yeah exact
time an innocent place yeah it comes
from a place that we would all do
something like sophomoric yeah depends
on who it is yeah like if you had a guy
working for you and you were the boss
and he is shy and you filmed him
shitting then it would be totally yeah
then it's like hey you can't do that no
there's an your inner circle you know
it's gonna be allowed but it was like me
and I opened up the door when Jimmy was
taking a shit and I filmed him you know
he was screaming and laughing at me and
it would be fun right it wouldn't you
know we're equal yeah hands girls just
yes spilling out of the drop ceiling oh
hey Joe yeah little lizard man in there
but there was a thing that you could get
on that show where it was just it was so
wild and loose we had this remember
stalker patty
yes dr. patty we I had these pot breath
strips uh-huh and if you took on these
breast strips it would literally put you
in another dimension they were so
goddamn strong it's a girl won a plane
and when it landed he goes I almost I
almost asked to be taken off the planet
I know you serious because yeah I was I
was like I can't do this no come on man
really took it - yeah yeah I wasn't
ready for that before the plane took off
it had already kicked in and I was on
the runway no saying I gotta go I gotta
get off this plane I can't do this fly
to Florida
so anyway stalker patty was there and we
gave her a regular Listerine breast rip
and told her
that it was a pot breasts trip and she
and so she started having these
psychosomatic elucidation started
believing she was hallucinating re stood
in front of her with his balls out of
his pants he pulled his balls out of his
pants and zipped up everything else so
it just be a sack the sack a said they
were in I was like dude are you
hallucinating you seen it she's like oh
my god oh my god what what's going on
what's happening and she started seeing
things that weren't there no it was just
yeah so ridiculous hilarious but again
no fine stalker Patti and nothing fine
that's it stalker Patti trips out yeah
you had hair so it was probably 2012 but
he's uh you know or she you know was a
regular on the show and she was like a
legitimate crazy person yeah and they
would have her on and yeah you know they
would have all kinds of wacky that's
from the stern model to all that stuff
yeah oh yeah he opened up the door for
all that stuff
yeah I mean they always had these wacky
radio characters and kind of kept that
ball rolling yeah it's such a weird
thing because they're like you know
they're obviously there's a segment of
the audience is laughing at them but
they're so grateful to be part of the
show yeah you know and they they it
gives their life a little bit of a
meaning the way that long ago man well
you know we're talking about 15 years
ago the world was a completely different
place now completely I know it was there
was nothing there was nothing like
podcasts but what's amazing like we
started the conversation talking about
the public access stuff with unemployed
like yeah there's always been that thing
for funny odd people to try and get out
there and do their thing
you know what I mean it's kind of it's
endless it never stops like it's it's
inspiring there's like this force to
just be silly and you're out there and
try and communicate with other silly
people and that all this media is
changing but that thing everyone's still
uncle Floyd well
ovenbird there's now I was having a
conversation with my manager today and
she was telling me there's now 900,000
podcasts what there are 900,000 ranked
podcasts out there that are regular
podcast they're being done there's only
300 million plus people in this country
right right whatever it is surrounding
20 million yeah so there's nine hundred
so there's almost like one in three
people have a podcast almost January
brings flurry of releases pushing
podcast tally past 900,000 how many of
those are might respond over inspiring I
need to know cuz I tell everybody do a
podcast like how many yeah I would I
will Wayne D 200,000 yeah I think oh
it's probably like a hundred thousand
but even that yeah
nuts that's amazing it's a lot of
fucking people out there making podcasts
it's like you know it's the same as
Twitter it's like great everybody has a
voice you could just have a voice you
can just create a might get a mic and
you have one yes right and here's the
thing like if you're good it'll grow
yeah I'm it's really that simple right
if anybody wants advice on podcast then
one thing I say is be consistent right
just grind you have to grind grind put
them out all the time is that what
people know they can count on them right
as soon as you disappear for a while you
lose people yeah so as you take time off
you lose people's and as mine we my
buddy was like off for a couple weeks
and it was me and you'd feel it yeah you
lose your momentum yeah and then you
lose the people that are addicted to it
and then they find something else they
go to this one or that one they're just
you know see the number 900,000 so many
people think yeah crazy that is crazy
just out there talking about everything
it's a different world and you can use
that world in a beneficial way like
people get things out of it like in this
podcast I've had so many interviews with
inspirational people and then but like
David Goggins and campaigns and and all
these folks that have really inspired
people to change their life Jordan
Peterson yeah I mean so many people and
that have inspired people to take
chances and change their lives don't you
feel like we're in this cultural moment
where
people are actively trying to go further
like we're always doing that right we're
always progressing yes we're always
doing that but it seems like there is a
there's a bump right now yes there is an
acceleration yeah happening where people
are really not only thirsty for it but
also participating in it for sure one
can only think it's gonna it's gonna
leap us further or like a lot quicker
well it's definitely it's definitely
opening up conversations that people
wouldn't have normally had and it's it's
one of the reasons why it's so valuable
right now is because this is a weird
time for humans communicating because so
many people are communicating
electronically yeah
so many people are sending text messages
and emails and not not talking to each
other for long periods of time
face-to-face yeah like you and I've been
friends for years yeah our biggest
conversations we have are on this
podcast for sure I mean we have dinners
together and stuff like that but yeah
sitting in a podcast studio you're
locked in right staring at each other
across a desk is very unusual way to
talk yeah and you're also freed up to
ask each other things that you normally
don't ask and we have Jamie to make sure
that we're not talking shit that's a
little weird
that's a little weird that the hideous
leering over there crucial he's shopping
for toasters right he's the world
champion Googler people from Google want
him to come in and teach them how to I'm
not joking that people have asked him to
come in like how are you what are you
doing like people watch your showing
what the fuck is he doing how's he doing
it like that Jamie's the goat yeah get
it done he's the greatest one-handed
Googler in the history of the universe
like you probably are one of the best
one-handed typers ever because you
always have to type with one hand yeah
you've probably developed a new schema
and a mindset when I'm here that's
what's crazy it's like you anticipate
what we're thinking and then you pull up
the thing before I go can you pull up oh
there it is yeah he was weird I had like
he had my ghost up there before I was
done talking about it
here's a problem with ghosts those ghost
shows Wow yes those ghost shows are
bullshit a hundred percent one of those
guys got in trouble recently because he
made a ghost book and you like
plagiarized a bunch of shit okay
like blatant like copy and paste yeah
geez yeah it's some of my favorite
theaters when you go right where you go
performing these theaters and you talk
to the people I always asked it was you
have a ghost
yeah there was a little boy I was in
where was I
Oshkosh Ashe Kosh and there was an old
theater and the guy who runs the theater
said you know we've had theirs legendary
they keep talking about there's like
three ghosts something and they're
having a cocktail party upstairs
in this like cocktail lounge off the
balcony and his son this guy's son ran
into the balcony and he's talking with
people I gotta go get him and he goes in
there and the kids leaning over the
balcony talking to the stage and having
a conversation with someone he's like
yeah no no that oh this is my dad what
he wants us to go down there he's who
wants us to go that guy he wants us to
go down there there's no one down there
the thought about that with little kids
is that little kids have not dulled all
of their senses with the pressures of
the world and all the other information
that we carry around in our heads and
all of our ideas of what's real and
what's not real and that little kids are
open yeah and then they could see things
well um
flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers was
talking about that with his son that his
son is like I think it was flea yeah
his son is like tuned in to spirits in a
way and then that he was looking at it
was like maybe it's that these kids are
not like maybe we all have that in us
but its blunted right by pressures and
life and the lack of sleep and
responsibilities and relationships and
yeah work and fear and everything and
and also like we define how the world is
right we get it in our head that this
these are the parameters for the world
yes how the world works and that's it
and go to work and fucking button up
your fucking sleeves right this is my
belief yes my belief system is gonna
carry me through yeah yeah this is what
it is it's a fact there is you know
that's why it's good to smoke it up once
in a while oh yeah I think the door is
open that's one of my favorite things
about pot yeah is it it makes you aware
of how we're
things actually really truly are yeah
when you don't hear things off when you
don't do it for a long time and then do
it yeah which is like my schedule
you take it makes you look at everything
you all your structure that you've mmm
formed over the last whatever amount of
time and you're like you see it from
another just from another perspective it
just makes you look at it and be like oh
well that's kind of unnecessary that's
kind of you know douchey that's part
that's on easy opens those doors to just
woo hey when I when you're saying you're
reading all those books about the Native
Americans you know did they talk about
their usual stuff yeah there well
certainly they had a lot of spiritual
stuff but there's a lot of peyote
rituals they're really into peyote and
they actually particularly was important
at the end of the Native Americans free
range when they've done they all got you
know conquered and moved into
reservations the peyote rituals became
increasingly important for them oh
really
why then cuz they're fuckin filled with
despair right do the stories of the
reservations are one of the most
heartbreaking things I've ever read
anywhere about anything like yeah
massive amounts of people dying from
starvation and disease and you know it's
horrible man people losing like most of
their kids most of their family members
and you know the amount of people that
are left it you know like Native
American reservations I don't know how
many people live on them but I don't
think there's any growth or population
boom it's not like there's a bunch oh
you know I mean like the neighborhood
exactly cities are growing inside these
reservations and they're becoming more
more yeah
affluent it's not happening others
destroyed fucking alcoholism too and it
talked about that in Black Elk life of
an American visionaries most recent one
that I'm reading they're talking about
just the alcoholism and that all that
they were converting all these Native
Americans to Catholicism right and how
they hated being Native American they
felt so terrible about it because it was
just that their identity was just so
disparaged by you know just being
conquered and moved into reservations
and extreme poverty and they would see
these other people and they like these
people look happy and healthy and you
know and then they're forcing this
religion on them the the most
heartbreaking wouldn't you'd see those
old photos where they were putting them
in in traditional dress like making them
all of a sudden wear suits and ties and
shoes yeah it's so sad it's fucked up
man it's it's one I mean I always knew
it was fucked up but the genocide of the
Native American people is one of the
most overlooked parts of our history we
kind of like brush it aside like we're
aware of it but we don't discuss it all
the time yeah like you know they killed
like 90% of them with disease
intentionally no just no just exposure
to Europeans oh really yeah like some
tribes 90% of them were wiped out
because of smallpox and all sorts of
other diseases geez they had no defense
for it yeah just these people show up
yeah stuff yeah it's awful how do you
how do you I have a daughter that's
going going to school she's gonna call
him College yeah undone done and so
she's learning all about the world like
in all the darkness of the world yeah
you know you mean all you have to do is
read history and not just you know our
history globally it's just that it's a
nasty nasty tale yeah and I feel though
that I it's I want to like prep her
before she goes even deeper when she
goes away to the schools and starts
learning about it even even more
intensely you could tell like I don't
want her to lose hope you know what I
mean like there's it's a very very dark
upsetting thing to learn about but you
have to kind of realize we're at least
muddling through it we're try we are
progressing we are conscious of that
history right so don't lose hope you
know what I mean like I'm afraid to send
her out there without that armor in a
way yeah don't lose hope is huge right
finally find good people they're out
there find nice people they're out there
especially you know I think people were
very scared today mm-hmm and
I think this is a pivotal time with with
human beings so much change right so
much change culturally and there's so
much change you know just in the world
well you're shifting and it's also
tearing down like all the institutions
that carried us for a certain amount of
time right those things are no longer
really important in this in the world
like churches have fallen off in sure
sense of community just the town squares
join or are isolated and so it's it's
all of this shift yeah and that's
whenever there's that shift and change
in anything even in your own life when
you have to move all of a sudden your
world is a little rocky and shaking it's
like it feels like the planet is about
to move I mean it's like we're all
stacking our boxes it doesn't feel like
there's any official structures anymore
that are valid like news where do you
get your news yeah who's more full of
shit CNN or Fox like it's like where's
the news coming from right there's no
one place where you can say like these
guys aren't biased yeah this is not you
know this is the one guy that is telling
it straight yeah there's no place like
that right so how do you know what's
really going on in the world
and yeah it's about and and also no
one's watching those goddamn news shows
are dropping off late night television
dropping off everything is dropping off
yeah it's watching no attention that
shit anymore
right so all these structures that used
to be there are primary places to go for
entertainment and being informed and one
of the weirdest things is people rely on
folks like me yeah okay don't do that
right I'm not the place to go you want
to hear yeah
talking shit yeah you can come to me you
want to be informed listen I'll guide
you in the right direction I'll tell you
where where I go or I'll tell you who to
listen to but don't listen to me
larae I've way too much of my plate and
I'm not really paying that much
attention yeah you had that light shone
on you last week right yeah that was
adorable you know it's always funny it's
not funny but we always talk about you
know at some point that they're going to
do it at some point they're going to say
evil stuff everyone gets their turn oh
for sure to be tried to be knocked down
Yeah right well that's what canceled
culture
is all about right and it's this thing
you're looking to just only look at the
worst aspects of someone exaggerate
those magnify them and ignore everything
else right the thing about it though is
it's really difficult for people to
swallow now because they know what that
is you know most people who listen to
the show yeah I mean they've there's
been 1,500 plus episodes they know the
fuck it actually is well that was what
was cool about all of the comments and
defense of you and the show was like it
was like this person had never heard the
show like you you couldn't you can't
listen to this show without
understanding the openness and the
diverse the the acceptance of diverse
points of view and so also comedy like
you can't take comedy and take it out of
quote out of context and put it in
quotes take a section of a bit yeah and
use it as evidence of homophobia or
transphobia or anything else you know
and it's it's disingenuous and they
don't realize that by doing that they're
just making people distrust them more
that's all they're doing you're not
gonna convince someone that hey you know
this show that you love that you listen
to this guy all the time you're actually
evil he's actually plotting against gay
people and trans people yes everybody
else that's protected and sacred in this
world yeah you know ya know it is
amazing though but it's like the comedy
and comedians have kind of filled the
void of a lack of grown-ups around you
know what I mean like you're like it
used to be Walter Cronkite or with that
evening news and that's where you got it
and then you saw a Johnny Carson or
whatever doing the funny stuff right to
be mocked yeah everything needs to be
mocked
yeah it's one of the great things about
colleges we mock each other we're always
busting balls were always asked talking
shit to each other Larry it's the best
it's fun right exactly and we actually
enjoy it yeah you know I think it'll all
turn around it'll all come back around I
think what we're experiencing right now
is just a shifting of our focus yeah as
a culture and these things that used to
be important like sitting around the
radio listening to the the evening news
that shit is non-existent anymore
nobody sits around the radio trying to
find out what's happening in the world
like hold the whole family like
listening yeah bet when they were doing
that they couldn't have imagined
anything different yeah but you do I do
I do crave and my wife craves a
connection it's it's like what are you
listening to or whether you watch like
yeah what are you listening to when
you're going out oh I'm listening to
this American life well I'm listening to
Jordan Peterson all right so I guess
we're not gonna have something to talk
about tonight but we should both listen
to this one so you can come back and
talk about it and have you know we were
both thinking about the same things it's
kind of a cool that can be a sense of
community yeah you know do you guys have
a show that you both watch
we've been watching shits Creek lately
what's shits Creek shits Creek is
hilarious no shit's no never heard of it
it got picked up by a Netflix it's over
its words I think they've shot the last
row they're shooting the last but Eugene
Levy levy okay him and his son Dan
created this show about a rich family
who loses their fortune and ends up in
this small town oh I think I have heard
of this it's so talked about that during
an era is on it and and these two other
actresses that are just killer they're
just such defined characters it's very
small show it's all takes place in this
little shitty town shits Creek and
they're there they're like these
affluent arrogant kids and parents and
is so it just hits the jokes are just
fast and cutting not it's such a good oh
it really is good all right it's the
first thing that I we've watched in a
long time I haven't even been watching
anything first so used to be on pop TV
and you know Netflix bought it yeah
exactly right
yeah shits Creek and that that's father
and son created it together and they're
just so damn funny Wow look at those
eyebrows look at the matching eyebrows
Catherine O'Hara is just on point she's
so damn funny all right man good I'm
excited and they're kind of short you
know they're easy to digest I was into
mrs. Mazal but the last season I started
off kind of clunky I haven't gotten
to it yeah I know I feel like I should
watch I watched the first two seasons I
really enjoyed it but it says it's hard
you know it's it's one of those things
where it's it's so close to home because
it's spelling it up yeah yeah and then
has the Lenny Bruce he's very good he's
good
yeah he's very good it's very believable
yeah yeah I was just talking to Kevin
Pollak he's he's got a show yeah no he's
the dad yeah he's great he's really
great I listened to a Lenny Bruce thing
recently
what's a call it's on YouTube it's a
it's a it's Italy it was an album that
someone put out about Lenny Bruce the
killing of Lenny Bruce and it all it
talks all about it's some new stuff that
I'd never heard like his young daughter
talking at the time and talking about
the court case similar to the you know
Howard Stern thing like the case just
that devoured him that in the heroin
mm-hmm
which is also a you know suspect of were
they trying to get rid of this guy kind
of a thing right but it was a very
interesting little documentary audio
documentary about the fall of of Lenny
Bruce and you talk about just you know
you're it's such it's almost cliche how
legendary that story is but just to be
reminded of how completely alone he was
just using just having people show up in
a comedy club
not even a club just a nightclub cuz
there were no comedy clubs that he was
that brave to keep going to keep
speaking while the whole government was
coming to squash him like a bug they
were arresting him that the the bravery
of that is astounding astounding and
like Howard Stern he opened up the door
to all of us I mean that got lately dark
I opened up the door to all stand up and
this is created the art form essentially
because it was yeah wasn't the same when
he left it was different it was
different before him it was jokes right
jokes jokes right exactly and he became
cultural commentary right from talking
about religion talking about the
government sex yeah love all of it loss
here is an interesting thing that I was
I was like so what happened when he died
like so he dies and I believe 67 or 69
and I was like so what was
next thing like if they were really
clamping down on him it was only four
years later the Carlin's case for the
seven dirty words came up hmm it was
that close Wow that in my head I always
thought that was a much different era
yeah the Carlin was much later than but
it was only four years later that they
were still attacking so he kind of you
know picked up the the fight in a way
hmm
is that remarkable it is remarkable yeah
Carlin was arrested several times as
well right he was pulled off stage yeah
yeah yeah just for speaking and again
what is that 40 years ago not that long
ago no I know amazing like if they could
see what was going on any night in any
club anywhere yeah they would be oh my
god
if you could bring Lenny Bruce to the
comedy store on a Friday night you'd be
like holy shit what my game you can't
get at all anymore
yeah I mean watch Brian Holtzman yeah
you can say so much yeah you say
anything we're the cops yeah but he but
it is pretty cool you can get it on
YouTube with some of the killer okay
cool
yeah I've listened to a bunch of his old
stuff it's weird it's weird how comedy
is it has a lifespan it really does it
doesn't work it doesn't culturally
things are so different that the taboos
have been broken to the point where it's
what he's saying is it's normal it's
like a museum piece you listen to that
album Carnegie Hall Lenny Bruce Carnegie
Hall yeah I've heard that yeah and it's
cool like to hear the way he talks and
the stuff in the his style and all that
but as comedy that make you laugh it
just doesn't work it doesn't work now
just a different all the bets that are
still valid
he had one bit that he did about gay
people well he's like it's illegal to be
gay right so what do they do they take
you and they arrest you and they put you
in jail with a bunch of men when I have
sex with you it's valid
obviously not it illegal to be gay
anymore but ya know there's crazy as
that yes gay sex was in many places not
legal then right I'm just fuckin insane
mind-blowing mind-blowing same in our
lifetime in our lifetimes no weird yeah
so strange so the guy who plays him in
Miss Maysles very good good very good
yeah very believable yeah
Dustin Hoffman's the best Lenny Bruce
though yeah he's fucking amazing yeah
and I think that's the best version of
an actor portraying a stand-up comedian
right what about Tom Hanks and punchline
what about Sally Fields crushed I mean I
guess Tom could have the last-named
he seemed a little bit like a comic he
did he seemed like an 80s comic yeah he
pulled it off big away wasn't her type
guy yeah it wasn't him that was the
problem with that movie it was they
stuff around it yeah the locker room
yeah the locker room we go up and do
their thing
oh the locker room ajan had to get
changed to do comedy like what why we
need a locker room
imagine the store just put in a locker
room hey guys we have a locker room for
you now oh great why are we taking off
our clothes what I got my show clothes
you just have cameras yeah this is my
outfit yeah the the scenes of like the
the actual club's themselves were
interesting because I saw a punch line
and when I was an open mic er I think
punch line came out in 89 that sounds I
think 87 it had to be around 88 said it
87 or 88 okay so that was right when I
started because I started August of 88
so it was right right after I started
right and I remember thinking why I was
like it was so romantic
to just to be involved in this thing and
I'd only been doing it for a couple
months at that point time so I just just
signing up on Sunday nights for open mic
night and getting my feet wet remember
watch that movie they just I loved
everything about standing up there
sited about comedy yeah you know this
was a movie about comedy now and were
you disappointed or were you into it
at the thing was very funny right and
laugh right there was there was no
moments in that movie where I was like
haha yeah but I always remembered the
part that excited me was when they were
in the diner in the middle of the day
like she cam comes to time to gets yolks
and stuff and I was just like how cool
is that you they they're not in an
office they're just a diner that seems
so excited just show up and go to the
movies with your friends I still love
that
yeah it's families and responsibilities
I'd love to call them one of my buddies
up hey what you doing man I'll go to the
movies
fuck yeah let's go to the movies yeah
whatever you want to do hanging out with
your buddies at like 2:00 in the
afternoon at the movie theater the best
laughing I had the very first day that I
quit my day job I was in New York and I
finally was a full time comedian and I
walked up to Central Park with my buddy
and it was packed on a Tuesday just
packed with people and I remember being
so disappointed like what should only be
comedians right now are you oh my god
can figure it out too to get a day off
well when you're in LA and it's like
2:00 in the afternoon you're on the road
and it's fucking jammed up with people
like where are you people going yeah
everybody should all be in the office
you fuck that that is like one of the
more attractive aspects of comedy to
people is that freedom but that's also
that freedom that was one of the reasons
why so many comics are so irresponsible
and lazy
yeah is because they have that freedom
yeah that they don't actually sit down
and work yeah like how many of us have
actually like you've written a book
Norton's written a couple books how many
comics have actually written books yeah
it's fucking that is the real test of
whether or not you have discipline right
oh yeah yeah yeah write a book ya know
to sit in there every day and do it but
how long did your book take I this is my
second book that's right and they take
they take
yeah I don't know I guess like all in
probably two years do you enjoy the
process I love it
joy the completion of it what do you
enjoy more the process of it really yeah
I love there's something about the
routine when I can get locked into the
routine of this is how it's almost like
it creates a the routine creates a space
for your creativity in a way so if I get
up at 7:00 and roll in there with my
coffee and sit at the desk and open it
up and go to work and know that this is
happening now good or bad you know that
routine that they it's giving it's like
going to church it's like this is the
time when this happens right this is the
time when the writing is going to happen
and it could be a week of horrible days
but then all of a sudden a couple great
days happen you know I just love that
discipline of it and then just going to
work on it and and then playing with the
words and then revising it revising it
revising it and I I love it
I like that part of it really surprised
me that this is a very comfortable cool
place to be and I could spend years here
mmm
that's great that's a great thing to be
really into doing because it's so
productive yeah
do you write I'm AG and up do you write
stand-up like that as well do you sit
down right stand up in front of your
computer yet not from a whole cloth and
like not from out of the blue hmm if I
can double up my cliches it's home but
like mostly I'll rewrite oh I will
rewrite stuff like if if I try something
out on stage tonight and then have an
idea listen to it or just remember it
and then I'll kind of noodle around with
it and see if I can go further with it
actually writing mmm yeah so where do
you come up with your premises so they
just just random observations throughout
the day thought random thoughts while
you're driving yeah yeah something
somebody says some ridiculous thing that
you saw somebody do yeah it's you know
on your mind stuff that's kind of on
your mind and then like if I'll get like
we were talking about the tree like all
of a sudden you're getting that joke I
was watching the other night mm-hmm
start getting that thing down
and then your mind almost starts to
think about it all in its downtime you
know what I mean and then all of a
sudden you start to pop it up but I I
have lost so much thinking I was going
to be able to remember it that I just
started writing more hmm
I just started putting it down I just
started right and and it's been a real
savior because there'd be hold things
like they were valuable that I just let
go because I just didn't remember her
got into the routine of performing it
but if I could have it down I was able
to keep track of it and go further with
it yeah I think that's gigantic I use a
couple different programs but one of
them is called Scrivener right you told
me about that but I really like about
that as I set up my premises on the left
side so all my premises and then when I
click on them it shows me the whole bit
yeah and I just started doing that over
the last like three four years yeah like
really writing out all the bits and then
having them categorized and yeah
apparently there's a way to set up
Microsoft Word
like Scrivener which would be way easier
because Microsoft Word is my preferred
way to write because they're saved also
on an app on my phone right so when I
write bits on Microsoft Word write it
and then I'll just go to my phone right
pull up my Microsoft Word so you're just
taken out you could see everything you
be exact you as huge as huge pages does
that - mm-hmm
I'm also on my iPhone in the notes
application yeah so I'll copy and paste
shit into notes yeah now it's I I really
feel like and I think that's what
writing the books did was it made me
realize the the real value in getting it
down it could always get better like you
know I would get I would get it really
good to a point mm-hmm but then
realizing like you this stuff even
though it's killing could even be better
yeah always it always right
mmm any and and the moves the changes
that happen at that stage are so small
mm-hmm that to me is like the writing
that yeah that's the smallness of it
yeah those little pauses
yellow beets yeah a little extra one
extra word yeah right boom just a
changeup yeah well I have that feeling
too when I watch someone some will say
something just one word something about
one thing that yes yeah oh man you know
who's really making me laugh yesterday
I'm her heart was Katt Williams
oh he's hilarious I had so crazy he
doesn't get spoken of enough cuz I'm
crazy I think but I think that he just
you know people just hit you right and
he was just going off about the election
and Trump running and all of this kind
of stuff and I don't care what side
you're on this was you would just
destroy you yeah he was just the way he
talks it when you talk about the word
that's why I'm up in my head
he pulls words out that I would never
think of use he just yeah says them in a
in his style God is he a naturally funny
I don't know if it's natural but he's
definitely funny and you know you know
man I was more active when he was really
touring a lot like during the pimp
chronicled a he's one of the best in the
world oh my god best in world he was a
monster did you destroy that Michael
Jackson stuff oh my god that stuff was
so good and dangerous at the time I know
hadn't come to grips with this idea that
Michael Jackson was a pedophile when I
care she's not in the black community
and he was out there just fucking
swinging for the fences it's so good oh
my god oh he really makes me laugh he's
a straight-up killer but yeah I think
for most folks the pressure of the that
high level celebrity is overwhelming it
just it just fucks with you yeah just
fucks with you yeah it could wear you
down and break you down like it did with
Chris Tucker it didn't deal with Martin
Lawrence it did you know it does a lot
of these great comics yeah a lot of guys
weird thing it's fucking very weird
there's the pressure of that many people
coming to see you that many people
relying on you that many people like
waiting for you to fail that many people
hating on you yeah you know and and then
he clearly there were some substances
involved with him sure you know like II
had some shows where he would just go on
stage and start yelling at someone in
the front row and then leave yeah
I was in Oakland just went on stage is
someone heckled them he's like fuck you
bitch in this like going going crazy
this one this tonight and then got
offstage and this fucking you knows
5,000 people there to see him you can't
just leave do you feel that pressure the
bigger that I guess yeah I do but I also
feel extra love like it's happening yeah
it's nice man that's good I but I'm also
where that other people have fallen into
these holes you know and I've benefitted
from the fact that these people have
kind of carved this path and showed me
where the holes are uh-huh you know and
also I it's like I'm definitely crazy
right I definitely have some mental
health issues but I'm also I'm very
thoughtful in meaning that I think a lot
about things and I spend a lot of time
alone just trying to look at things like
an outside observer right trying to look
at things like how would I if I was me
but not me
look at me and what would I say to me
like how how would I how would I tell
myself to gain the proper perspective
how would I allow you ate my situation
correctly how would I how would I
perceive
what would I do would I say man I wish I
had done this why do I do that now right
on that kind of shit that's good
that's so much of it figuring stuff out
is being conscious of it right it's
being aware that I've got a problem
going on or I had the right if you're
means you're thinking about it yeah the
thoughtfulness with everything with your
diet with your family if as long as
you're constantly thinking about it
right you'll you're giving yourself a
chance to yeah in credit the Ralph yeah
right correct your mistakes and path and
there's no way you're not gonna make
mistakes especially if you're putting
out as much content as I do
yeah there's no way and it's doing as
many shows as I do there's it's I
suppose I've accepted that
and I've also accepted that these
moments of adversity I always come out
on the other end a better person a
better comic better better everything
yeah better human and the cool thing is
too that the you'd have to you'd have to
almost you'd have to change
exactly who you are for for it all to
turn because it's not that a network is
gonna tell you that you did something
wrong and take the wrong stance or
misinterpret you it's really your
audience that it's that relationship
with them and they know what you're
about you know what I mean like that's
the beautiful thing about not having a
job job right like you could say
something that you even didn't mean yeah
and as long as you're fans who know and
love you give you a pass then it's okay
then it's going to be okay and I've
definitely done that
I'm definitely said some shit I
shouldn't have said yeah but someone you
said that you wouldn't eat my bread I
that was really weird
he brought a knife I set it up I didn't
that was Jamie's this is one of our
sponsors is a this is a cami Coto knife
this is a beautiful Japanese knife look
at that bitch oh my god
a sword is it heavy no I mean it's
really well-made these are dope the old
kitchen knives it's not serrated do you
have a good kitchen f3 I figured I could
cut bread though yeah cut the shit up do
you have a good knife set at home I've
got good random knives oh well imma hook
you up ya cuz ya got they sent me a
couple of these look at that that is a
good night bread come on fuck this
corner for taya yeah baby come on son I
want to start I want to try eating me
for Jamie and I are talking about more
than say we're like yeah could we do it
I don't yeah I think I could is it is it
hard oh thank you so hard part not
chewing Lee do you get bored come on
when this come out of the oven four
hours ago so damn delicious let me get a
piece of that he'll how big you want
that is good stop Amy's ruling over here
looking at this
I always forget to bring butter ah they
did one time but this is fucking
fantastic without butter come on
mmm something to be said for pleasure
right yeah a lot just like a balance but
saying having too much indulgence and
pleasure and no discipline and having
too much discipline and no pleasure
right exactly but like you said you felt
so sick after going to Disney mm-hmm
yeah but I eat ice cream I bet your kids
are happy when you go off the leash oh
yeah they love it right well they just
love Disney yeah the new Star Wars right
is off the chart is it it's so crazy
what's it like
well it's 20 minutes long what mm-hmm
that's awesome dude that's amazing cuz
most of the time they rip you off with
like a three minute ride dude this is 20
minutes long from the moment you get
there and the scale of it is an insane
there's there's one time when you get
off of this thing and you know you get
transported into this area where all
these stormtroopers are and the air it's
a halt it's enormous
and there's like a hundred stormtrooper
standing there and behind them is space
this is huge
you know 4k screens that show space and
you really feel like you are on a
starship in space that's filled with
stormtroopers it's fucking bananas wow
that's amazing
well you get in you move in you go for a
flight like this is see all those wheels
marks on the ground yeah there's no
tracks everything is run by computers
the whole thing is run by computers
right bro it's amazing I mean it's it's
just the most intricate and advanced
ride Disneyland has ever done by far 20
minutes every step of the way you're
like I can't even believe that they did
this it screaming it's it's 100% next
level Wow
that's like look at that look at the
fucking detail of this place you go into
this and it just it seems like you are
in a real spaceship this probably
doesn't even do it justice oh no it
doesn't why you that my jaw was dropped
Tartaros Wow and is it more than just
the ride is it like a whole section well
it's a bunch of different interactive
experiences there's people there's
actors right that are there you know
like the like they're storm trooper
folks and you know the bad people yeah
they've talked to all the people that
are walking around they ask you like are
you here to fucker you were able I'll
miss the little kids and we're going the
whole time that's awesome yeah you
remember the resistance yeah yeah I
haven't I haven't seen the new movie
yeah that's okay
the movies have become Disney fied yeah
you know and that I don't say that in a
good way there because Disney makes some
awesome shit but there yeah it's just
commercial late ceiling Wow just fake
right no heart it's a soul again yeah
well it seems like it's gone through a
corporate diversity filter on there
making sure that everyone we have them
let's have women run this and we're
generals and this and that and yeah
they're hitting all the right right it's
by for delay but the the movie feels
like it's formulaic - I haven't seen a
very latest one but the ones before that
is like they don't feel they don't feel
special Yeah right I mean I know that's
not the best example but Tarantino
movies still feel like Tarantino movies
that motherfucker still know how knows
how to make a real movie but you get out
of his movie like whoa well it feels
like it's made by him right it doesn't
feel like it's made by a company it's it
would be impossible to make Once Upon a
Time in Hollywood with with a corporate
structure right without him yeah right
it would be impossible yeah did you hear
his expect acceptance speech for the
Best Screenplay it was like usually you
would think other people at this point
but I wrote this by myself so well
that's why it's so good oh I've got a
good movie for you yeah yeah this was I
was talking with my buddy Steven
Soderbergh who digests not only did you
drop a name I did but to give
credibility to this to this selection
his movie of the year was give me
liberty this small independent film made
in Milwaukee with a lot of like regular
people it follows this one guy young guy
whose job it is to drive people with
disabilities around in a van through
Milwaukee you know like through like a
public service and it follows him
through one whole day it's so good it's
such a good film you really got to see
it
it's the performances are crazy good you
don't know who's an actor and who's not
it's just so well done it really makes
you feel like it's the total opposite of
what you're talking about like that big
committee kind of a corporate thing to
see something like this like you could
just feel the filmmakers hearts and
souls pouring into the movie those
movies that are really big you also have
to think of how much money's invested in
them right huge and if they go bad it's
a giant financial is it like and go bad
means like not make a billion dollars
yeah well or lose money like dr.
Dolittle right right yeah I think that
month at movies probably gonna lose
money oh really well just real dangerous
coming from a guy like Robert Downey jr.
who's amazing yeah who's so incredible
in the Avengers and that movie made
fuckin kajillions of dollars yeah all
those movies are amazing and then he
goes and does his kids movie and it
really doesn't do well it was a
dangerous those movies are like oh Jesus
were on thin ice yeah back to the shore
no dangerous for who for the character
yeah for the for the production company
for everybody yeah what if they come to
you know the production company a year
later and say hey we have a new idea for
a movie in the productor
or the studio and the studio is like hey
fuck you we lost a hundred million
dollars on you you fuck thank you see
all the issues with cats oh yes that was
probably the biggest financial disaster
here right there pulled it back to like
redo it and they're gonna release it yes
how many people are making fun of it
they do it again they like yeah they
left visual effects team only apparently
like nine months and I like left watches
on people that didn't cover their hands
up all sorts of bad stuff I saw it with
my kids we what my daughters like we
have to sleep good though like we want
to watch
no because in the beginning like we
thought
my daughter's like we have to see the
worst movie of the decade how we not go
see that and we're the only ones in the
air it was really brutal and at first
that is it's bad but it's so bad is it
good no it's so bad that's not good bad
yeah it's just bad like so bad it's not
good now like in the beginning you have
a laugh and it's like all right I can
see why this is gonna suck and then by
the end of two hours you're like no I've
just been hit in the head with a shovel
Sapa yeah it's really bad and you're
seeing all these people that have been
in other things who are just not talking
about you know like Jane Judi Dench and
it's ray it's bad there's some other
movie that came out recently that
someone was saying was as bad as the
room oh really that movie the room see
if you can find that movie and it was
really yeah there was a whole article
about it saying that this this movie is
so bad that it's good that you need to I
didn't even finish typing and it kept in
it auto-completed what is it well it
says now he's showing off his skills no
it's said that finished up says the room
is the worst movie ever yeah the movie
as bad as the room what shocked the one
that shocked me that everyone was said
was so bad was Will Ferrell and john c
reilly in that when the new one right
the was it as a canadian movie so bad it
rivals the room yeah what is that
that's called ryan's babe it's I don't
know never heard of it is that a recent
article yes from four days ago yeah
that's right yeah
the people were telling me you have to
see that's from 2000 that was that movie
that's not a new movie but someone just
discovered you put Will Ferrell and john
c reilly doing anything and i'm in right
and people really rebelled against it
that girl's hot though this looks pretty
just in their underwear running around
for some reason perfect oh this is
terrible good yeah it's pretty good
looks really bad some rough edits in
there so how are they gonna redo cats
they're gonna really at it and they
already did I think they Reata did it
and then but if they re edit it
everyone's gonna know that sucked so bad
they re-edit I've never heard of that
ever it's released no like you fucks
like ok we'll fix it we'll be back how
much money is cats lost almost half like
that sonically they just didn't put it
out there they'd like put out a trailer
and Internet freaked out they're like oh
okay well we'll redo it yeah I spend a
bunch of money redoing it Sonic the
Hedgehog yeah really I got now it
actually looks a little bit better yeah
they gave him like better teeth or
something dude it's hard man making the
movies got to be the most brutal thing
ever he's so hot guys in here that have
poured their heart and soul into a movie
for years like a motherless Brooklyn I
am now moving I know I didn't hear it
was it good I don't know and I love him
and I love the subject matter he loved
that movie and he was really put such
heart and soul into the soundtrack no
and I haven't seen it yeah Jesus Christ
cats headed for a hundred million dollar
box-office loss Oh what the fucking shit
oh my god oh my god I just keep thinking
about them all like being at craft
services and backstage like this is
pretty great huh maybe see that celery
sticks rebels committed to losing weight
she's lost a ton of weight and people
are mad at her are they really yeah
they're mad at her because she's like
her being big they like her being big
because she's big and I'm big and
everyone's big and it's okay to be big
and I heard it's healthy to be big and
so like people are criticizing her for
losing weight you're criticizing Adele
as well oh really I they said Adele
they're angry that Adele lost weight
because they loved the fact that she was
this huge musical superstar and then she
was obese so she wants to take care of
her health trying to be healthy a little
longer and then you're turning on us
well she became a role model for certain
people I guess and they'd be a role
model for you to get healthy we can all
get healthy yes come away from Tom's
bread you'd only meat just don't eat it
all the time use this all the time well
I didn't gain any weight this weekend
yeah I didn't gain any weight I ate all
that shit and then
I fasted Sunday night until Monday I
went to yoga Monday morning didn't eat
till right before my first podcast and I
didn't gain any weight at all that's
great yeah but you it's a moderation
moderation it's it's eating like shit
over but what was interesting was the
pains by pain knee pain what is that
it's inflammation it's inflammation your
body does not want to have to process
all that stuff and they think that may
be the route for many people of a lot of
causes of pain and discomfort is just
inflammation heavy diet right sugar
right sugar is the big one so if you get
all of that out of your system your body
can what go to work on stuff it has to
go to work on yeah you get all that shit
out of your system and your body doesn't
experience inflammation from your food
right and if you're eating food that
like you know grass-fed beef you know or
in my case elk you know or yeah I'm sure
vegetables are not bad for you I just
did it to try to find what I just did it
to try to find out what it's like to
only eat meat right when you have no
carbohydrate it's one of the things
that's most amazing is that there's no
crashing you would eat and you don't
feel any different after you ate other
than the fact that you don't feel hungry
right like you don't crash right there's
no ups and downs and peaks and valleys
my energy levels were amazing really how
quickly energy how quickly two weeks in
two weeks two weeks in I noticed I felt
amazing really and that was shedding
weight I was shedding a lot of weight I
think it was like seven pounds down two
weeks and she's now I'm 12 pounds down
12 ish somewhere that I was 193 this
morning I was weighing about 205 before
I started this diet real yeah way a no I
feel a lot better like a lot better
really yeah yeah so what would you what
would you recommend would you recommend
people just do that or do you think you
people you have an autoimmune disorder
there are I do believe there are certain
people that have an adverse reaction to
some plants right some foods that's when
an elimination diet is all about it's
like trying to find out what are the
things that bother ya but it but for me
it's like what I did is I just took a
lot of multivitamins I took a bunch of
different vitamins and
nutrients supplements on top of this
carnivore diet so I'm only eating meat
but then I'm taking all the essential
vitamins and amino acids and I'm also
taking fish oil so I'm I'm covering all
my nutritional bases bases right but I'm
not doing it with food I'm not doing it
with plants I'm only eating grass fed
meat and then I'm or or elk and then on
top of that I'm taking in fat from like
bacon like bacon I needed fat because
elk in particular is very lean leaves
I'm leading elk fight grass-fed beef I'm
fine
but with things like elk you really do
need some extra sources if you don't
have fat would you would you start to
feel bad yeah your body doesn't like it
now your body does not want a low fat
diet with low carbohydrates it's there's
a thing called rabbit starvation have
you ever heard of that yeah people got
that in Antarctica I think was in
America the cold cold climates where
they were shooting rabbits and eating
rabbits and they were literally starving
to death even though they were eating
all these rabbits cuz rabbits have no
fat on them so they're only eating this
lean protein Ranko with no fat at all
and you start feeling like shit yeah
different explorers have found that too
that you know when they you know we're
living in places and trying to eat only
the the foods that they could harvest
off the land they're eating animals like
they had to take in fat if you don't
really fat you feel really bad yeah yeah
so a little bit so you could balance it
so would you say maybe 80% this is what
I would say try it just tries try it's
24 diet try it straight out right and I
think you'll be amazed at how good you
feel now here's the thing is that a
honeymoon thing like what is it like if
you extend that to 90 days or you know
365 days yeah you're gonna feel like
shit eventually right is it gonna start
breaking your body down right I don't
know I only have experience in 30 days
but in my experience in 30 days it was
enormous Lee beneficial you did say
something in your post about a
explosive diarrhea it needs to have a
new name wrong enough for what I was
experiencing real yeah I was like
someone was tapping into looking oil
like an oil well at ease I have pictures
so why was that happening um well I
talked to dr. Shaun Baker he wrote a
book on the carnivore diet he's a
physician that's a carnivore diet
advocate he's been eating this way for
two years two years yep and he seems to
think that it has to do with the colon
adjusting to the factory body doesn't
have any dietary fiber so you're not
taking in any rice or bread or anything
that's gonna absorb the water so your
rise what you brought is like what I did
that last around two weeks two weeks two
weeks of rocket fuel coming out abuti
whole hog cheese but if you get through
it get through and Tom Segar is going
through right now he is yeah yeah yeah
he sent me a text the other day saying
this diary is astounding astonishing
coffee is it you guys both drink coffee
I'm just asking just a general question
guys both intake a lot bro explore
authorize liquids and whatever kinds of
liquids I'm coming out of your butt it's
not normal I was really getting excited
about trying this but here's the thing
at the end of that it all goes away
right at the end of two weeks my body
adjusted and now it's not a problem at
all really yeah I'm not a problem at all
now so what's breakfast steak or eggs
sometimes like this morning it was steak
yesterday morning I ate six eggs
right now just just whip those down
lunch I don't even want oh nice usually
two meals a day right and then the
second meal is usually steak no state
either elk or a beef steak I think I've
asked you this before but when whenever
I think about these diet things I always
picture my family looking at me well
they're eating pasta eating like do you
feel like an outlier at dinner with your
family or no they knew what I was doing
yeah they they'd made fun of me in stir
right yeah that's what I always
my kids mock me too
[Laughter]
um you know they didn't mind yeah no
nope nobody bothered my wife didn't care
everyone knew I was doing it right it
was okay right yeah your wife's not like
come on have ice cream with us no no boy
there'll be a problem if she was yeah if
it looked so good yeah yeah no it was it
was an eye-opener but here's the thing
yeah sorry here's the thing about that
kind of stuff
you kind of have to commit right like if
you just say I'm gonna try to eat
healthier it's too loosely defined I
know I know I was doing the intermittent
fasting and lost good amount of weight
and then it just kind of like plateaued
and I feel like I'd like to be you know
like 10 pounds lighter and it's I'm
working out I'm doing all that stuff but
I feel like it needs something to shock
my system to go to it nothing will shock
your system like this carnivore diet
yeah including your butthole but you
will lose a lot of weight I lost I mean
I lost a legitimate 12 pounds of fat
just fat my face got thinner
yeah when I was watching my face I would
feel actually feels a little fatter now
because I went through Disneyland bread
but joking around maybe I'm a little
swollen
no you look you look leaner why I was a
real I I was you know I was getting fat
I was developing a gut like we did this
way and thing and so many people mocked
me I was getting a gut though my stomach
was like hanging out yeah so when we
came in here to do that I had my that
was December 23rd and my family was in
town and we had eaten like pigs that day
right I was loaded considerably bloated
with food as well it was nighttime with
a nighttime podcast I was like 10
o'clock or something like that right
pretty pretty late podcast yeah when we
all took her clothes off and got on the
scale so I knew it was probably gonna do
the carnivore diet anywhere but that was
like yeah let's just do it let's just do
it
well set it in my head right yeah so
knowing that for the month of January
that was all that I was going to eat
yeah that's that really helps if you're
gonna trust
- something to have like a real solid
schedule right like sober October's yeah
another perfect example for me Lent yeah
when we do sober October we have one
month no booze no pot no nothing yeah
there's something good about it yeah you
have that month because it takes it out
all that kind of mushy brain stuff of oh
but maybe I'll just just know what
you're celebrating yeah we need a
certain amount of rigidity occasionally
yeah that's how you get shit done yeah
and I mean even if you are like writing
if you said I am going to write every
day for the month of February yeah you
know every day yeah there's something to
that the routine yeah so something
really beneficial I'm gonna write for
one half an hour every day if you do
that you get things done it's really
true if you just decide I'm gonna go on
a carnivore diet for the next 30 days
starting right now
yeah just count down on your calendar 30
days from now you will fucking lose
weight and you'll feel amazing yeah I
just don't know if it's a way to eat all
the time
no that's the thing it's like it seems
like an extreme thing that I would not
be yeah willing to maintain well you're
the bread man well that's the thing
you're the sultan of sound that's why I
want balance I'm always searching for
the right balance I think a great move
is six days on one day off that's what I
think six days on a rigid diet on one
day where you you look forward to eating
bread and pasta and drinking whatever
you want and you know have an ice cream
and one day that was the question he
just reminded me of the question
no booze during that my drag boost you
did yes I don't drink a lot drink a
glass of wine with dinner maybe two
glasses yeah yeah that's all it was a
shot sometimes before I go on stage or a
shot of whiskey right yeah so it's not a
lot right
you know if it's more than two drinks a
night it's unusual you're cool with
whiskey and then going onstage
oh I like it you do you don't feel like
it's good you used to it I would feel
whenever I drink before I go onstage I
just feel like a little off mmm I fell
on you do yeah I like it
leave my film do a shot right before a
film oh yeah really
yeah really that's interesting good shot
a Buffalo Trace whiskey yeah and the old
pipe and you're good to go
that's wild liquid whiskey's wild liquid
it is well it's wild liquid right and
you want to get wild
that's wild liquid yeah and our fuel we
have different styles too you know yeah
yeah it also helps me deviate when I'm
riding on stage if I'm fucking around on
stage it helps me deviate I go go off a
little tangent a little more courageous
yeah maybe or a little a little more
reckless yeah better work yeah yeah
and what about weed though in that same
same thing for that too yeah that
doesn't make you more timid on stage no
no makes me more it makes me nicer right
but I don't think it makes me more timid
right yeah
weed makes me nicer yeah that's one of
the things I like about weed like I need
more things that make me nice and make
you nice Hey yeah it helps me when you
look at yourself you think that it's
that you could be mean sometimes not
necessarily mean but I am naturally
aggressive right yeah right yeah and
that makes you a little bit more let's
realize like we don't have someone
certain about time left yeah when I get
how I want to call my friends tell them
I love them right that's what I want to
do you know I want to ya wanna hug
people just want to be around them yeah
yeah would be nicer I know it is good
but I oh yeah I don't know I have how do
you flirt I haven't performed hi and how
about tonight we did win you up I'm not
up tonight you know I'll be up on
Thursday Thursday yeah we're doing
tonight cha yeah relaxing my wife it's
kind of uncomfortable because my wife
has people over because my special airs
tonight
Oh to wash your special you have to sit
with them uh but no they're gonna do it
and I'm gonna I don't know so now hi sit
in the yard and for the cigar I don't
know don't be there aren't she doing
that in your house so excited oh that's
nice it is it's nice they're all excited
they all are I can't watch it you know
yeah I'll be in the other room listening
that if they're really laughing or not
judging their laughs that's terrible is
that a bad feeling man yeah want that in
your life yeah but I do feel especially
now like that that's all done and I'm
moving into new territory that the weed
kind of isn't can play a good role yes
for sure how much material do you have
set aside for this for you new stand-up
I've only got about 20 that's good
though
when did you film October Oh so you gave
yourself some time that's nice yeah
November December January front for
solid months that's good yeah
so I've got like this new direction a
new like area of stuff but it's you know
it shrinks the more you do it yeah and
this special is gonna come out a little
later so I thought I had more time but
then deciding though when you're scared
yo and you're onstage scared you gotta
write new premises and yeah I was
thinking about the other day that you
always feel like a young comic because
you're always putting yourself back in a
vulnerable position yeah that's a matter
how experienced anyone is yeah you go
out there and I'm gonna do all this news
you're a child again you have no weapons
which is great it makes you youthful it
makes you like okay we're still like a
hint it's like now I've been doing this
for 20 years yeah there's a it's a great
aspect of stand-up comedy when you do a
lot of specials because it keeps you
humble yeah it really does yeah and it
keeps you appreciative of the art form
you never get complacent well that's the
coolest thing about this era of comedy
and I think that's how Netflix changed
the game ice having so many people put
out so much content it's making every
end that's seen by a lot of people it's
making everybody get on their game and
write more it's the era of getting a
headliner set and just rolling for 20
years is gone right so it's actually
taking the whole art form pushed it
further it's great yeah it really is
such a good moment mm-hmm it's such a
good mo and so many different voices
coming in yeah it's not from so many
different places just not only in the
culture but from around the world have
you seen Ronny Chang yes fuck
hilarious great so different yeah
exactly
on stage with a suit real angry and shit
fuckin great I want to talk to him he's
cool guy I'm gonna get him in here yeah
yeah I know I gotta get him in here all
right I'll join his act yeah I enjoyed
it he's a good guy too and it was like I
didn't he didn't remind me of anybody
right every punch lines premises all of
it seemed like yank
no no that's recognizable and relatable
but unique right exactly yeah no he's I
mean that's what's so cool it's just
like the whole globe is opened up it's
like all these voices from all those
different stuff it's cool it really is
this it is and this art form you know
I've been thinking about this a lot and
I really think I'm gonna do something
about this I want to document how
everybody does it mm-hmm because I think
this is the only art form that is a
global worldwide art form that's enjoyed
by everybody yeah it's not really
documented Yeah right like musicians
it's documented how they write songs
it's documented how you learn to play
music you can go to school for it you
know you can you could take classes
online when you're a comic man you got
to kind of figure it out on your own
yeah and I think we would all benefit
from some sort of documentation and
particularly for the people coming up
the girls and guys coming up that are
learning how to do stand-up now would
benefit tremendously from like a guy
like you breaking down how you do it how
you started what's different now right
so I'm thinking about doing a series oh
yeah yeah and I'm probably gonna put it
on YouTube like like a podcast and do it
like a podcast but call it like the
comedy creation series I'd love to be
yeah yeah I wouldn't want to get
everybody as many people as I can like
tell me how you started how old when did
you start yeah what year was your first
Club and just break down how you do it
yeah that's a great thing because it's
so varied yes you know from doing the
show with fortune mm-hmm we shot the
fortune Fenster yeah to the great
fortune she's hilarious yeah her special
is up right now is it I want sweet and
salty and Netflix Netflix as well yeah
yeah yeah
so great and we're interviewing all
these comedians we had a hazers Trejo
came in I love him love him and he's
such a unique story so different yeah
you know his parents coming from Mexico
he's got a care for them he goes down to
Mexico where there's like this new scene
coming up of spanish-speaking comedians
and I mean that story you put that one
and then you talk to you know Ryan
Hamilton two totally different planets
yep all in the same form yep it would be
great to one fuck yeah it would be
amazing it would be really good the
world needs to know how these fucking
people do these things yes like this if
if you don't know anybody that can sit
down and talk to you about how they do
it you know it takes too long to figure
it out no completely completely like if
you're in Pittsburgh I don't know what
kind of scene Pittsburgh has right in
sure it's got some kind of a scene but
how many people really yeah you know I
mean and they couldn't you really how
many really good ones are still there
yeah that you can really learn from how
do you how do you find out yeah no no I
know that's a good thing I mean when
Seinfeld put out the documentary like
people still listen to watch comedian
like young comics oh yeah because
there's the very few road maps out there
it's very few glimpses into how someone
is doing it and how they're working you
know there's been other stuff where
people will show themselves on stage and
they're just backstage you know drinking
or just going about their day like a
road doc kind of a thing mm-hmm
but not very few about process yeah very
few yeah process and you know how much
you've adjusted yeah what do you do
differently now what do you think about
your old stuff what would you do
differently and start over again yeah
yeah it's good stuff yet some we do it's
a weird art form in that it really it
doesn't have a class you can take nope
well they have classes they don't really
you know what those classes are good for
getting you on stage they're good for
that yeah yeah I mean very few classes
are taught by legit comics right right
maybe there's some of them out there
that I'm not aware of yeah every class
that I've ever seen has been taught by
scrubs
right you know they probably give you
bad advice Rick chrome does one in in
New York remember Rick chrome from the
seller no I don't he's great he's like
he's been a long time and that's very
valuable he's like a real you know a
real thoughtful practitioner of it all
you know what I mean and I've seen him
just glimpses of him like when he be
teaching downstairs at the cellar and it
was like okay this is legit but then you
see some names of other people who are
out there doing it and you're like oh
man I would imagine it's good for you to
to teach because like you can kind of
like think about the art form or that
would be really interesting I don't know
if I could teach it could you could you
I don't know think some young you'd have
to be really careful yes you don't want
to mold someone into your style that
would be the fret that'd be the
temptation yeah I'm an observational
comedian not anymore
yeah but yeah other things when you
learn how to teach it's better like I
got way better at Taekwondo when I was
learning how to teach those teaching
through most of my competition days yeah
and it's one of the reasons why I think
I got so good because I was breaking
down the technique constantly I wasn't
just doing it I was breaking it down for
beginners and showing it so I made sure
that my you know my technique is very
good it's like mmm my martial arts you
know career one of the things that I'm
known for is I do everything I do it
correctly right it's very crisp but my
technique is like I always prided myself
I was that word yeah I did sounds weird
yeah I would put myself on having
excellent technique it wasn't just that
it was powerful it looks sharp it was
correct yeah jiu-jitsu the same way to
guys get way better at jujitsu I've
never taught you Jitsu but guys get way
better when they start teaching it right
another cool part about this era is that
can meet people are staying comedians
yeah longer yeah right where people
would do comedy they get blown out to a
TV show or something because
economically just to stay a comedian
wasn't really feasible
but now you can actually make a living
and it's actually a more valued thing in
the culture like this is the first wave
of guys staying in it yeah for their
whole career and not wanting to get out
yeah there's they're not looking at it
as an escape a to get out of it someone
was just asking about that like what was
the last person that you know that had a
special around the year 2000 that's out
of the game now right a completely quick
comedy right who completely quits comedy
yeah not anymore it's just too easy you
know just think about those you know
afternoon diner trips and going to the
movies all that goes away if I got the
job job yeah yeah and the only way you
would do it is if you're not making
enough money so then you would have to
get a job job right right yeah yeah but
no I mean you know even Eddie Murphy
he's seeing what's what it's become yeah
he's got to be regretting it at some
point of like why did I leave why did I
stop doing it maybe but I mean he made
him a lot of fuckin great movies and he
also grew real funny grew as a human
being you know a hundred look no regrets
he's still you could still see just when
he was just hosting yeah it just pops
out of him it's just such a
he's a volcano of near Hamid II if he
had kept cracking at it all this time
though mm-hmm you know what I mean even
like a little bit would have been it
would have been good for me would have
been good for me to watch it would be
but would have been but it will be great
to see what he does now because he's
kind of committed to it it's committed
to us I think he signed a deal with
Netflix for two specials for two I
believe so I believe that's what I read
see if that's correct
one-handed type or genius I think they
gave my shit ton of money good only a
man dolomite I haven't seen it heard
it's also good is it so good got a huge
response from people how he's not
nominated as a is you know
I know they're nominated right now but
still he really should have been Ricky
Gervais should host every award show
from Mountain
just a little those twats know we're on
to you
rocket climate change is real fuck off
get out of here with your golden man
statue and sit down
taking a bath yet everywhere fuck off he
was so good he was what I mean one of
the best performances I saw this year
for sure
don't lie yeah I need to see it haven't
you do he's brilliant he's brilliant and
it's comedy it's so good James has just
won one special one special yeah okay
they're gonna give him a shit ton of
loot and I hope he hope he works it out
could be a movie or else because they
did dolomite so yeah it's gonna be work
you know unless he hires a bunch of
writers to craft the bits and then that
won't be right anyway you know you
really need the work you need you need
to be on those stages yeah Ellen did it
how was it it was good was it good yeah
anything about it didn't look like she
was had taken off for decades certainly
didn't well she does to her show all the
time so she does do that monologue she
does but you know stand up stand up you
know and if I think the monologues like
stand up light though mm-hmm yeah like
Jay Leno Yeah right
Brent's always doing those monologues
but then he would just stand up on
Sunday nights and they do corporate gigs
yeah yeah right exactly he wasn't
banging it out in the clubs every day
like us no he's still going now though I
talked to Bill Mara had him in here yeah
and he was repulsed by the idea of going
to the clubs oh why would I do that
literally you don't want to go to the
club's do it away and done I escaped I'm
out yeah I'm like but it's the greatest
way like it's you you hang out with
comics he gets to stand up yeah you know
it just seems like low-rent
I don't know man me sometimes people
have their own audience and that's all
they want right they don't want to they
don't want to go like a show at the
store yeah tonight I'll go up at the
store and there'll be 14 other people on
the line I'm right and there's people
there to see every one of those people
Yeah right now so they're not they're
just there to see you they're gonna see
, that's what's great yeah it might not
be into you at all yeah it's like going
to the gym no one wants to really go to
the gym it's
right at the gym you start to love at
the gym it seems like you know I talked
to burr about this and he's in agreement
he believes that you have to do it he's
like that's the only way you know anyway
you got to go to the you got to go to
the clubs I'm like I think so too
yeah he goes nobody else that doesn't go
to the clubs really kills right yeah you
get through it yeah you can do a
monologue you can recite a monologue
yeah but you're missing all of that high
impact mm-hmm
stuff in-between and you also run the
risk of being funny because people love
you the people that love you that come
to see you they your crowd right and you
run that risk yeah maybe you can pull it
through Brian Regan may be a different
he might be an exception to that rule
cuz I don't think he still murders he
does but he's out there performing all
the time on top non-stop any treats you
know he's in a in a good position where
he's beloved where he can treat a set in
front of 3,000 people
he'll kill but also be able to work his
stuff out yeah within that set he'll
work out new stuff yeah yeah yeah he's a
unique guy right because he's super
popular with his crowd yeah but he
doesn't he doesn't have a problem but
being famous he can go anywhere yo yeah
no absolutely yeah there's there's
people outside of the comedy loving
world that don't know who he is no it is
astounding to all of us
Yeah right yeah but that's how
fragmented the culture is like we were
talking about if you're just watching
One News or watching one thing it's like
where everyone's in their own little
bubble you know there's you know jo koy
is selling out you know the forum yeah
and my parents will have no idea who he
is multiple shows I think two shows of
the forum yeah you know what I mean like
we're we're it's such a big massive
entertainment eating Colossus that
people can be huge and be invisible at
the same time like Sebastian yeah
Sebastian sells out four shows at
Madison Square Garden sometimes I have
to explain who he is to people weird but
meanwhile he can go places
yeah it's really a beautiful balance
yeah you can go to the mall nobody gives
a fuck me huh you know yeah Taylor Swift
can't do that I was watching a
documentary actually said say my kids
we're watching I watched it last night
my daughter do this a beginning of it
when she walks on stage in the stadium
and you see all the fucking people with
their lighters and everything like wow I
guess it's not lighters the light from
their cellphones on their phones or
something but ya know you're talking
about it's Boise so what was so cool
about it was watching her as a 13 year
olds learning to write song yeah she's
just she works she does she work that's
got to be an incredibly bizarre place to
be her existence your life yeah her life
because she's young I know how old is
she now 29 that's in that documentary so
she's been hugely famous for how many
years now 16 I think is when she came on
the scene yeah 13 years and those are
very formative years I know she seems
like she handles it pretty well I mean
that's what yeah I'm the documentary it
was I was really impressed like yeah how
good of a songwriter she was like
watching her come up with stuff she's
obviously so practiced and knows what
she wants to do and just the way she was
coming up with stuff as she was on the
fly maybe that's the key yes maybe the
keys you have to like really be obsessed
with your work and doing what you want
to do a hundred percent Prince a hundred
percent oh there's they are making this
stuff they're not wooden things they're
not you know they're they're actually
have a craft that they can right go to
work on look she's right all that noise
it's totally yeah a really good writer
yeah and all that noise you know she was
obviously just even from the glimpse
that they showed us in the documentary
dealing with weight and the fame and the
Gagner stuff and yeah wait yeah she had
you know she would see pictures of
herself and stop eating and what yeah is
that in the documentary yeah yeah I
didn't only watch it for like two
minutes
ya know walks in my kids were watching
I'm like oh get out of here before I got
infected now it's pretty I liked it I
think I'm sure was impressed by her I
really was that's a bummer though that
she was thinking she's always been so
skinny well everyone's got stuff they
got to deal with but the thing then like
you said like it's a weird place to be
but that she can go and write songs and
go and perform them that seems like
that's she's got something tangible
right meaningful right that will
get her through that right it's not a
hop star where corporation puts together
you look and your songs and your thing
yes Anu that she's doing it all herself
yeah you're not just the guitarist
someone else is writing the songs and
doing all this stuff and you're just
doing drugs it's important to have
something that you do yeah maybe
something small and stupid but it really
gives you a real life meaning and if you
without it it's doesn't have to be this
big performance stuff or stuff that gets
you a lot of money right a little hobby
a little craft a little something you
can go to sleep thinking about yeah it's
it's a I don't know why but it's an
important part about being a human being
well gives you that's the think you
nailed it it gives you a meaning like
you're you're working towards something
you're working at something yeah you
know yeah shuts the noise out mhm
as you're thinking about this thing that
you're actually getting better at yeah
and then you get this satisfaction
seeing the progress yeah yeah yeah and I
mean she's you know as big as they get
but then she can crank out these songs
and he could see like this calm come
over and she's doing that part yeah yeah
it was pretty cool to watch Taylor Swift
fan yeah there you go
I was definitely but watching my
daughter who's pretty skeptical kid you
know it's 17 and to watch her like
admiration for her as a as a woman
getting it done was that that part you
know she definitely gained more points
for that that's cool I wonder what
happens with someone like that like
where do they go as they get older what
do they go as they I mean you're you're
growing up and living your entire life
in this superstar position very strange
superstar peon well I probably you know
the the white hotness of it probably
fades to some degree but if you're an
artist like that you would keep creating
you know like Bonnie Raitt was just at
the Grammys right you know and she had
their moments of being huge and then you
just become like a working musician in a
way yeah you know mm-hmm yeah now that's
a good way to do it right yeah sort of
be appreciated by your fans keep going
out
keep doing it and they'd take him along
with you yeah see if they stick around
and you're 90 years old playing a
nursing home but there's still 20 people
in the audience yeah it's pretty cool
it's a pretty good thing yeah like look
at Willie Nelson yeah still out there
banging it out yeah
an amazing story weed he did stop
smoking weed no lung problems
now I was down edibles well he's still
getting high though but he was fucking
up as long as I guess which is hilarious
because he's like 19 he must have been
smoking a lot I wonder if he smoked
cigarettes as well
did he smoke cigarettes as well yeah
about that but I'd heard a story of him
smoking like garter garbage cans full of
weed in Hawaii that country music star
that has that song I'll never smoke weed
with Willie again oh really yeah Travis
got shrimp what's his name famous guy
never what tobiko because he got so
messed up yeah it's like he's got a song
never smoked wee willie again puts you
in the grave cranking it out and that
was his thing was to be nicer yeah he
was he Willie Nelson has always talked
about his mean streak and a whiskey
streak and yeah and the weed was the
thing that really made him a kinder yeah
person that's what it does yeah it's the
best aspect of marijuana is it makes you
more kind and more it makes you think
about community and friendship and just
yeah forgiving people to write exactly
laxing just letting go of all the
bullshit yeah that's what the world
needs a lot more forgiveness especially
to present we could use we could all use
use just a little more understanding
yeah where you gonna learn if you don't
make mistakes screw up and then you
correct it you become a better person
whether this song should be rewritten by
somebody about Joey Diaz
pretty good I always heard that his herb
is top shelf Lord I could not wait to
find out for myself well don't knock it
till you tried it and I've tried it my
friend I'll never smoke weed with Willie
again
now we learned a hard lesson in a small
Texas town he fired up a Fat Boy and
passed it around the last words I spoke
before they tucked me in may I discount
bungee jump but I'll never smoke weed
with Willie again I made this count
bungee jump I'll never smoke with Willie
again my party's all over before it
begins
you can pour me some old whiskey river
my friend but I'll never smoke we will
get you the edibles joeys edible oh my
god really yeah it takes take a 500
milligram edible and we'll take the
wrapper off and put a 20 milligram
edible label on it hey what have you
heard about micro dosing a lot yeah yeah
other mushroom acid a lot of people do
it I know yeah coming a thing seems to
help them sort of like stay focused and
centered and calm and keep the chatter
down negative self chatter all that kind
of stuff is there anything bad to it um
I don't know I don't know I mean if Mike
goes through a couple of times yeah but
I've never I've never done it on a
regular basis like a lot of these people
do but I know a lot of people are doing
it with psilocybin and a lot of them do
it they take it like once every couple
days they don't even do it every day
they take it every few days and they
find it remarkably beneficial
Ron white is into micro dosing oh yes
I've been yeah loves it and it's not
like you're really tripping no no you
it's barely perceptible really yeah
barely perceptible but it just gives you
a nice feeling you know it's like
there's something about it that's nice
yeah yeah yeah
and then people feel like that that it
just eliminates some of the anxiety and
the shit that goes on your head that can
you could be battling with it calms
those voices down for different people
yeah yeah I mean obviously for everyone
everyone is a different word reaction to
that yeah some poeple we got to wrap
this bitch up where are we gonna go
that's it's three o'clock so with it we
just have three hours come on let's go
for five I really can't if you need to
do it someday well alright we'll plant
it out in advance next time I'll come
back after my explosive diarrhea you
gonna do that when you gonna start
tomorrow you can start the diet tomorrow
I know this loaf of bread and then
exactly that's all I was thinking well I
had to have another loaf at home your
Netflix specials out right now it is
called you're doing great you're doing
great you're doing great
yep Tom Papa on Instagram Tom Papa on
Twitter yep go to the go to youtube and
look up getting baked with Tom getting
bit Tom Papa the new series always put
it in the new book I'll see you before
that comes yes yeah when is that gonna
come out may name come here before me
all right Tom Papa Lee you're the
gentleman you're the best love you buddy
bye awesome
[Music]
[Applause]